<!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/" style="padding: 20px;"><head>
<meta name="dcterms.conformsTo" content="PXE Basic 1.0" />
<meta name="generator" content="PXE Tools version 1.39.86" />

<title>References </title><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/main.css" /><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="night" href="../css/night.css" /><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="sepia" href="../css/sepia.css" /><link href="../styles/applied.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" /><link href="../styles/fonts.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" /></head><body epub:type="backmatter">
<section class="bibliography" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DA4" epub:type="bibliography">
<header><h1 class="title" id="P700101207800000000000000000FB84" epub:type="title"><span class="label">References </span></h1></header>
<ol class="biblioentrylist" id="P700101207800000000000000000FB85">
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DA7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FB86">AAA Foundation. (2009, April). Aggressive driving: Research update. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">https://www.aaafoundation.org/sites/default/files/AggressiveDrivingResearchUpdate2009.pdf</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DA9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FB87">Abadinsky, H. (1989). <cite>Drug abuse: An introduction</cite>. Chicago: Nelson-Hall Series in Law, Crime, and Justice.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DAB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FB88">Abbott, L., Nadler, J., &amp; Rude, R. K. (1994). Magnesium deficiency in alcoholism: Possible contribution to osteoporosis and cardiovascular disease in alcoholics. <cite>Alcoholism, Clinical &amp; Experimental Research</cite>, <i>18</i>(5), 1076–1082.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DAD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FB89">Abdou, C. M., Fingerhut, A. W., Jackson, J. S., &amp; Wheaton, F. (2016). Healthcare stereotype threat in older adults in the health and retirement study. <em>American Journal of Preventive Medicine, 50</em>(2): 191–198. doi: 10.1016/j.amepre.2015.07.034</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DAF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FB8A">Abel, E. L., &amp; Sokol, R. J. (1987). Incidence of fetal alcohol syndrome and economic impact of FAS-related anomalies: Drug alcohol syndrome and economic impact of FAS-related anomalies. <cite>Drug and Alcohol Dependency</cite>, <i>19</i>(1), 51–70.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DB1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FB8B">Abel, G. G., &amp; Osborn, C. A. (1992). The paraphilias: The extent and nature of sexually deviant and criminal behavior. In J. M. W. Bradford (Ed.), <cite>Psychiatric Clinics of North America</cite>, <i>15</i>(3) (pp. 675–687). Philadelphia: W. B. Saunders Company.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DB3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FB8C">Abela, J. R. Z., &amp; D’Allesandro, D. U. (2002). Beck’s cognitive theory of depression: The diathesis-stress and causal mediation components. <cite>British Journal of Clinical Psychology</cite>, <i>41</i>, 111–128.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DB5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FB8D">Åberg, M. A., Pedersen, N. L., Torén, K., Svartengren, M., Bäckstrand, B., Johnsson, T., Cooper-Kuhn, C. M., Åberg, N. D., Nilsson, M., &amp; Kuhn, H. G. (2009). Cardiovascular fitness is associated with cognition in young adulthood. <cite>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences</cite>, <i>106</i>(49), 20906–20911.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DB7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FB8E">Abramson, L. Y., Garber, J., &amp; Seligman, M. E. P. (1980). Learned helplessness in humans: An attributional analysis. In J. Garber &amp; M. E. P. Seligman (Eds.), <cite>Human Helplessness</cite> (pp. 3–34). New York: Academic Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DB9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FB8F">Abramson, L. Y., Seligman, M. E. P., &amp; Teasdale, J. D. (1978). Learned helplessness in humans: Critique and reformulation. <cite>Journal of Abnormal Psychology</cite>, <i>87</i>, 49–74.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DBB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FB90">Acheson, D. J., MacDonald, M. C., &amp; Postle, B. R. (2010). The interaction of concreteness and phonological similarity in verbal working memory. <cite>Journal of Experimental Psychology: Learning, Memory and Cognition</cite>, <i>36</i>(1), 17–36.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DBD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FB91">Adachi, P. J. C., &amp; Willoughby, T. (2011). The effect of video game competition and violence on aggressive behavior: Which characteristic has the greatest influence? <em>Psychology of Violence, 1</em>(4), 259–274. doi: 10.1037/a0024908</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DBF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FB92">Adam, K. (1980). Sleep as a restorative process and a theory to explain why. <cite>Progressive Brain Research</cite>, <i>53</i>, 289–305.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DC1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FB93">Adams, D. B. (1968). The activity of single cells in the midbrain and hypothalamus of the cat during affective defense behavior. <cite>Archives Italiennes de Biologie</cite>, <i>106</i>, 243–269.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DC3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FB94">Adams, R. J. (1987). An evaluation of colour preferences in early infancy. <cite>Infant Behaviour and Development</cite>, <i>10</i>, 143–150.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DC5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FB95">Addis, D. R., Giovanello, K. S., Vu, M. A., &amp; Schacter, D. L. (2014). Age-related changes in prefrontal and hippocampal contributions to relational encoding. <em>NeuroImage, 84</em>, 19–26.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DC7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FB96">Addis, D. R., Leclerc, C. M., Muscatell, K., &amp; Kensinger, E. A. (2010). There are age-related changes in neural connectivity during the encoding of positive, but not negative, information. <cite>Cortex</cite>, <i>46</i>: 9.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DC9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FB97">Ader, R. (2003). Conditioned immunomodulation: Research needs and directions. <cite>Brain, Behavior, and Immunity</cite>, <i>17</i>(1), 51–57.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DCB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FB98">Adeyemo, B. O., Simis, M., Macea, D. D., &amp; Fregni, F. (2012). Systematic review of parameters of stimulation, clinical trial design characteristics, and motor outcomes in non-invasive brain stimulation in stroke. <cite>Frontiers in Psychiatry</cite>, <i>3</i>, 88. doi: 10.3389/fpsyt.2012.00088</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DCD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FB99">Adler, A. (1954). <cite>Understanding human nature</cite>. New York: Greenburg Publisher.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DCF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FB9A">Adler, S. R., Fosket, J. R., Kagawa-Singer, M., McGraw, S. A., Wong-Kim, E., Gold, E., &amp; Sternfeld, B. (2000). Conceptualizing menopause and midlife: Chinese American and Chinese women in the U.S. <cite>Maturitas</cite>, <i>35</i>(1), 11–23.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DD1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FB9B">Adolphs, R. (2010). Conceptual challenges and directions for social neuroscience. <cite>Neuron</cite>, <i>65</i>(6), 752–767.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DD3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FB9C">Adolphs, R., Gosselin, F., Buchanan, T. W., Tranel, D., Schyns, P., &amp; Damasio, A. R. (2005). A mechanism for impaired fear recognition after amygdala damage. <cite>Nature</cite>, <i>433</i>, 68–72.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DD5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FB9D">Adolphs, R., &amp; Tranel, D. (2003). Amygdala damage impairs emotion recognition from scenes only when they contain facial expressions. <cite>Neuropsychologia</cite>, <i>41</i>, 1281–1289.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DD7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FB9E">Afifi, T. O., Mota, N. P., Dasiewicz, P., MacMillan, H. L., &amp; Sareen, J. (2012). Physical punishment and mental disorders: Results from a nationally representative US sample. <cite>Pediatrics</cite>, <i>130</i>(2), 184–192. doi: 10.1542/peds.2011–2947</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DD9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FB9F">Agerup, T., Lydersen, S., Wallander, J., &amp; Sund, A. M. (2015). Associations between parental attachment and course of depression between adolescence and young adulthood. <em>Child Psychiatry and Human Development, 46</em>, 632–642.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DDB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBA0">Aggarwal, N. T., Wilson, R. S., Beck, T. L., Rajan, K. B., de Leon, C. F. M., Evans, D. A., &amp; Everson-Rose, S. A. (2014). Perceived stress and change in cognitive function among adults aged 65 and older. <em>Psychosomatic Medicine, 76,</em> 80–85.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DDD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBA1">Agresti, A., &amp; Finlay, B. (1997). <cite>Statistical Methods for the Social Sciences</cite>, New Jersey, Prentice Hall.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DDF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBA2">Aguiar, A., &amp; Baillargeon, R. (2003). Perseverative responding in a violation-of-expectation task in 6.5-month-old infants. <cite>Cognition</cite>, <i>88</i>(3), 277–316.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DE1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBA3">Ahlskog, J. E. (2003). Slowing Parkinson’s disease progression: Recent dopamine agonist trials. <cite>Neurology</cite>, <i>60</i>(3), 381–389.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DE3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBA4">Ahn, W. (1998). Why are different features central for natural kinds and artifacts? The role of causal status in determining feature centrality. <cite>Cognition</cite>, <i>69</i>, 135–178.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DE5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBA5">Aiello, J. R., &amp; Douthitt, E. A. (2001). Social facilitation from Triplett to electronic performance monitoring. <cite>Group Dynamics: Theory, Research, and Practice</cite>, <i>5</i>(3), 163–180.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DE7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBA6">Ainsworth, M. D. S. (1985). Attachments across the life span. <cite>Bulletin of the New York Academy of Medicine</cite>, <i>61</i>, 792–812.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DE9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBA7">Ainsworth, M. D. S., Blehar, M. C., Waters, E., &amp; Wall, S. (1978). <cite>Patterns of attachment: A study of the strange situation</cite>. Hillsdale, NJ: Erlbaum.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DEB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBA8">Aitchison, J. (1992). Good birds, better birds, and amazing birds: The development of prototypes. In P. J. Arnaud &amp; H. Béjoint (Eds.), <cite>Vocabulary and applied linguistics</cite> (pp. 71–84). London: Macmillan.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DED" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBA9">Ajzen, I. (2001). Nature and operation of attitudes. <cite>Annual Review of Psychology</cite>, <i>52</i>, 27–58.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DEF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBAA">Ajzen, I., &amp; Fishbein, M. (2000). Attitudes and the attitude–behavior relation: Reasoned and automatic processes. In W. Stroebe &amp; M. Hewstone (Eds.), <cite>European review of social psychology</cite> (pp. 1–33). New York: John Wiley &amp; Sons.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DF1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBAB">Åkerstedt, T., Hallvig, D., Nund, A., Fors, C., Schwarz, J., &amp; Kecklund, G. (2013). Having to stop driving at night because of dangerous sleepiness–awareness, physiology and behavior. <em>Journal of Sleep Research, 22</em>(4), 380–388.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DF3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBAC">Akil, M., Kolachana, B. S., Rothmond, D. A., Hyde, T. M., Weinberger, D. R., &amp; Kleinman, J. E. (2003). Catechol-o-methyltransferase genotype and dopamine regulation in the human brain. <cite>Journal of Neuroscience</cite>, <i>23</i>(6), 2008–2013.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DF5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBAD">Albert, D., Chein, J., &amp; Steinberg, L. (2013). The teenage brain: Peer influences on adolescent decision making. <cite>Current Directions in Psychological Science</cite>, <i>22</i>, 114–120.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DF7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBAE">Albert, D. J., &amp; Richmond, S. E. (1977). Reactivity and aggression in the rat: Induction by alpha–adrenergic blocking agents injected ventral to anterior septum but not into lateral septum. <cite>Journal of Comparative and Physiological Psychology</cite>, <i>91</i>, 886–896 [DBA] <cite>Physiology and Behavior</cite>, <i>20</i>, 755–761.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DF9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBAF">Alderfer, C. P. (1972). <cite>Existence, relatedness and growth: Human needs in organisational settings</cite>. New York: Free Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DFB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBB0">Aldridge-Morris, R. (1989). <cite>Multiple personality: An exercise in deception</cite>. Hillsdale, NJ: Erlbaum.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DFD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBB1">Alexander, G., DeLong, M. R., &amp; Strick, P. L. (1986). Parallel organization of functionally segregated circuits linking basal ganglia and cortex. <cite>Annual Review of Neuroscience</cite>, <i>9</i>, 357–381.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007DFF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBB2">Aligne, C. A., Auinger, P., Byrd, R. S., &amp; Weitzman, M. (2000). Risk factors for pediatric asthma contributions of poverty, race, and urban residence. <cite>American Journal of Respiratory Critical Care Medicine</cite>, <i>162</i>(3), 873–877.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E01" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBB3">Alkon, D. (1989). Memory storage and neural systems. <cite>Scientific American</cite>, <i>261</i>(1), 42–50.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E03" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBB4">Allen, D. (2001). <cite>Getting things done: the art of stress-free productivity</cite>. New York: Viking Adult.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E05" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBB5">Allen, D. (2008). <cite>Making it all work</cite>. New York: Viking Adult.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E07" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBB6">Allen, F. (1994). <cite>Secret formula</cite>. New York: HarperCollins.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E09" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBB7">Allen, G., &amp; Parisi, P. (1990). Trends in monozygotic and dizygotic twinning rates by maternal age and parity. Further analysis of Italian data, 1949–1985, and rediscussion of U.S. data, 1964–1985. <cite>Acta Genetic Medicine &amp; Gemellology</cite>, <i>39</i>, 317–328.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E0B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBB8">Allen, G. E. (2006). <cite>Intelligence tests and immigration to the United States</cite>, <i>1900–1940.</i> Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley and Sons.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E0C"><p>Allen, K., Blascovich, J., &amp; W. Mendes. (2002). Cardiovascular reactivity and the presence of pets, friends, and spouses: The truth about cats and dogs. <cite>Psychosomatic Medicine</cite>, <i>64</i>, 727–739.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E0D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBB9">Allen, T. A., &amp; DeYoung, C. G. (2016). Personality neuroscience and the five factor model. In T. A. Widiger (Ed.), <em>Oxford handbook of the five factor model</em>. New York, NY: Oxford University Press. <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.oxfordhandbooks.com/view/10.1093/oxfordhb/9780199352487.001.0001/<wbr></wbr>oxfordhb-9780199352487-e-26</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E0F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBBA">Allik, J., Realo, A., &amp; McCrae, R. R. (2013). Univerality of the five-factor model of personality. In T. A. Widiger &amp; P. T. Costa (Eds.), <cite>Personality disorders and the five-factor model of personality</cite> (3rd ed., pp. 61–74). Washington, DC: American Psychological Association.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E11" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBBB">Alloway, T. P., Rajendran, G., &amp; Archibald, L. (2009). Working memory in children with developmental disorders. <cite>Journal of Learning Disabilities</cite>, <i>42</i>(4), 372–382.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E13" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBBC">Alloy, L. B., &amp; Clements, C. M. (1998). Hopelessness theory of depression: Tests of the symptom component. <cite>Cognitive Therapy and Research</cite>, <i>22</i>, 303–335.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E15" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBBD">Allport, G. W., &amp; Odbert, H. S. (1936). Trait names: A psycho-lexical study. <cite>Psychological Monographs</cite>, <i>47</i>(1), i.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E17" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBBE">Alm, H., &amp; Nilsson, L. (1995). The effects of a mobile telephone conversation on driver behaviour in a car following situation. <cite>Accident Analysis and Prevention</cite>, <i>27</i>(5), 707–715.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E19" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBBF">Alz.org®: Alzheimer’s Association. (2015). Alzheimer’s myths. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.alz.org/alzheimers_disease_myths_about_alzheimers.asp</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E1B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBC0">Alzheimer’s Association. (2010). Alzheimer’s disease facts and figures. <cite>Alzheimer’s &amp; Dementia</cite>, <i>6</i>, 4–54.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E1D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBC1">Alzheimer’s Association. (2015). Alzheimer’s disease facts and figures. <em>Alzheimer’s &amp; Dementia, 11</em>(3), 332–420.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E1F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBC2">Amabile, T., DeJong, W., &amp; Lepper, M. R. (1976). Effects of externally imposed deadlines on subsequent intrinsic motivation. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>34</i>, 92–98.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E21" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBC3">Amabile, T., Hadley, C. N., &amp; Kramer, S. J. (2002). Creativity under the gun. <cite>Harvard Business Review</cite>, <i>80</i>(8), 52–60.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E23" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBC4">Amaral, D. G., &amp; Strick, P. L. (2013). The organization of the central nervous system. In E. R. Kandel, J. H. Schwartz, T. M. Jessell, S. A. Siegelbaum, &amp; A. J. Hudspeth (Eds.), <cite>Principles of neural science</cite> (5th ed., pp. 337–355). USA: McGraw-Hill.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E25" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBC5">Amariglio, R. E., Donohue, M. C., Marshall, G. A., Rentz, D. M., Salmon, D. P., Ferris, S. H., . . . Alzheimer’s Disease Cooperative Study. (2015). Tracking early decline in cognitive function in older individuals at risk for Alzheimer disease dementia: The Alzheimer’s disease cooperative study cognitive function instrument. <em>JAMA, 72</em>(4), 446–454. doi: 10.1001/jamaneurol.2014.3375</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E27" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBC6">Amat, J., Aleksejev, R. M., Paul, E., Watkins, L. R., &amp; Maier, S. F. (2010). Behavioral control over shock blocks behavioral and neurochemical effects of later social defeat. <cite>Neuroscience</cite>, <i>165</i>(4), 1031–1038. doi: 10.1016/j.neuroscience.2009.11.005</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E29" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBC7">Amat, J., Baratta, M. V., Paul, E., Bland, S. T., Watkins, L. R., &amp; Maier, S. F. (2005). Medial prefrontal cortex determines how stressor controllability affects behavior and dorsal raphe nucleus. <cite>Nature Neuroscience</cite>, <i>8</i>(3), 365–371.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E2B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBC8">American Academy of Pediatrics. (1995). Health supervision for children with Turner syndrome. <cite>Pediatrics</cite>, <i>96</i>(6), 1166–1173.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E2D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBC9">American Association of University Women. (1992). <cite>How schools shortchange girls</cite>. Washington, DC: AAUW Educational Foundation, The Wellesley College Center for Research on Women.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E2F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBCA">American Association of University Women. (1998). <cite>Separated by sex: A critical look at single-sex education for girls</cite>. Washington, DC: AAUW Educational Foundation, The Wellesley College Center for Research on Women.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E31" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBCB">American Counseling Association. (2014). 2014 ACA code of ethics. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.counseling.org/docs/ethics/2014-aca-code-of-ethics.pdf</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E33" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBCC">American Psychiatric Association. (2000). <cite>Diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders</cite> (4th ed., Text Revision). Washington, DC: Author.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E35" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBCD">American Psychiatric Association. (2013). <cite>Diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders</cite> (5th ed.). Washington, DC: Author.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E37" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBCE">American Psychiatric Association Committee on Electroconvulsive Therapy. (2001). <cite>The practice of electroconvulsive therapy: Recommendations for treatment, training, and privileging</cite>, (2nd ed.). Washington, DC: Author.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E39" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBCF">American Psychological Association. (2002). Ethical principles of psychologists and code of conduct. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>57</i>, 1060–1073.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E3B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBD0">American Psychological Association (2005). Policy statement on evidence-based practice in psychology. Retrieved September 22, 2010, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.apa.org/practice/guidelines/evidence-based.pdf</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E3D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBD1">American Psychological Association, Division 19. (2010). Society for Military Psychology. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.apadivision19.org/about.htm</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E3F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBD2">American Psychological Association. (2013). Recognition of psychotherapy effectiveness. <em>Psychotherapy, 50</em>(1), 102–109. doi: 10.1037/a0030276</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E41" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBD3">American Psychological Association. (2014). How many psychology doctorates are awarded by U.S. institutions? News from APA’s Center for Workforce Studies. <em>Monitor on Psychology, 45</em>(7), 13.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E43" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBD4">American Psychological Association. (2015). <em>Demographics of the U.S. psychology workforce: Findings from the American Community Survey</em>. Washington, DC: Author.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E45" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBD5">Amsterdam, B. (1972). Mirror self-image reactions before age two. <cite>Developmental Psychobiology</cite>, <i>5</i>(4), 297–305. doi:10.1002/dev.420050403</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E47" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBD6">Anand, B. K., &amp; Brobeck, J. R. (1951). Hypothalamic control of food intake in rats and cats. <cite>Yale Journal of Biological Medicine</cite>, <i>24</i>, 123–146.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E49" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBD7">Anastasi, A., &amp; Urbina, S. (1997). <cite>Psychological testing</cite> (7th ed.). Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E4B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBD8">Anderson, C. A. (1987). Temperature and aggression: Effects on quarterly, yearly, and city rates of violent and nonviolent crime. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>52</i>(6), 1161–1173.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E4D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBD9">Anderson, C. A. (2003). Video games and aggressive behavior. In D. Ravitch &amp; J. P. Viteritti (Eds.), <cite>Kid stuff: Marketing sex and violence to America’s children</cite> (p. 157). Baltimore/London: The Johns Hopkins University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E4F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBDA">Anderson, C. A., Berkowitz, L., Donnerstein, E., Huesmann, L. R., Johnson, J. D., Linz, D., Malamuth, N. M., &amp; Wartella, E. (2003). The influence of media violence on youth. <cite>Psychological Science in the Public Interest</cite>, <i>4</i>(3), 81–110.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E51" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBDB">Anderson, C. A., &amp; Bushman, B. J. (2001). Effects of violent video games on aggressive behavior, aggressive cognition, aggressive affect, physiological arousal, and prosocial behavior: A meta–analytic review of the scientific literature. <cite>Psych Science</cite>, <i>12</i>(5), 353–359.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E53" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBDC">Anderson, C. A., Bushman, B. J., Donnerstein, E., Hummer, T. A., &amp; Warburton, W. (2015). SPSSI research summary on media violence. <em>Analyses of Social Issues and Public Policy, 15</em>(1), 4–19.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E55" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBDD">Anderson, C. A., &amp; Dill, K. E. (2000). Video games and aggressive thoughts, feelings, and behavior in the laboratory and in life. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>78</i>(4), 772–790.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E57" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBDE">Anderson, C. A., Sakamoto, A., Gentile, D., Ihori, N., Shibuya, A., Yukawa, S., Naito, M., &amp; Kobayashi, K. (2008). Longitudinal effects of violent video games on aggression in Japan and the United States, <cite>Pediatrics</cite>, <i>122</i>(5), e1067–e1072.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E59" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBDF">Anderson, C. A., Shibuya, A., Ihori, N., Swing, E. L., Bushman, B. J., Sakamoto, A., . . . Saleem, M. (2010). Violent video game effects on aggression, empathy, and prosocial behavior in Eastern and Western countries: A meta-analytic review. Psychological Bulletin, 136(2), 151–173. doi: 10.1037/a0018251</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E5B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBE0">Anderson, L. W., Krathwohl, D. R., Airasian, P. W., Cruikshank, K. A., Mayer, R. E., Pintrich, P. R., Raths, J., &amp; Wittrock, M. C. (Eds.). (2001). <cite>A taxonomy for learning, teaching, and assessing–A revision of Bloom’s Taxonomy of Educational Objectives</cite>. New York: Addison Wesley Longman.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E5D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBE1">Anderson, M. C., &amp; Neely, J. H. (1996). Interference and inhibition in memory retrieval. In E. L. Bjork &amp; R. A. Bjork (Eds.). <cite>Handbook of perception and cognition</cite>, <i style="font-style: normal;"><em>Memory, </em>(2nd ed.), 237–313.</i> San Diego, CA: Academic Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E5F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBE2">Andrews, J. D. W. (1989). Integrating visions of reality: Interpersonal diagnosis and the existential vision. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>44</i>, 803–817.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E61" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBE3">Angus, L., Watson, J. C., Elliott, R., Schneider, K., &amp; Timulak, L. (2014). Humanistic psychotherapy research 1990–2015: From methodological innovation to evidence-supported treatment outcomes and beyond. <em>Psychotherapy Research, 25</em>(3), 330–347. doi: 10.1080/10503307.2014.989290</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E63" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBE4">Anschuetz, B. L. (1999). The high cost of caring: Coping with workplace stress. <cite>The Journal, the Newsletter of the Ontario Association of Children’s Aid Societies</cite>, <i>43</i>(3), 1–63.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E65" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBE5">Anspaugh, D., Hamrick, M., &amp; Rosato, F. (2011). Coping with and managing stress. In D. Anspaugh, M. Hamrick, and F. Rosato (Eds.), Wellness: Concepts and applications (8th ed., pp. 307–340). New York: McGraw-Hill.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E67" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBE6">Antonakis, J. (2004). On why “emotional intelligence” will not predict leadership effectiveness beyond IQ or the “Big Five”: An extension and rejoinder. <em>Organizational Analysis, 12</em>(2), 171–182.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E69" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBE7">Antony, J. W., Gobel, E. W., O’Hare, J. K., Reber, P. J., &amp; Paller, K. A. (2012). Cued memory reactivation during sleep influences skill learning. <cite>Nature Neuroscience</cite>, <i>15</i>(8), 1114–1116. doi: 10.1038/nn.3152</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E6B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBE8">Antuono, P. G., Jones, J. L., Wang, Y., &amp; Li, S. (2001). Decreased glutamate [plus] glutamine in Alzheimer’s disease detected in vivo with (1)H-MRS at 0.5 T. <cite>Neurology</cite>, <i>56</i>(6), 737–742.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E6D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBE9">Apps, M. A. J., Lesage, E., &amp; Ramnani, N. (2015). Vicarious reinforcement learning signals when instructing others. <em>The Journal of Neuroscience, 35</em>(7), 2904–2913.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E6F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBEA">Arcelus, J., Mitchell, A. J., Wales, J., &amp; Nielsen, S. (2011). Mortality rates in patients with anorexia nervosa and other eating disorders: A meta-analysis of 36 studies. <cite>Archives of General Psychiatry</cite>, <i>68</i>(7), 724–731. doi: 10.1001/archgenpsychiatry.2011.74</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E71" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBEB">Archer, J. (1991). The influence of testosterone on human aggression. <cite>British Journal of Psychology</cite>, <i>82</i>, 1–28.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E73" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBEC">Argamon, S., Koppel, M., Fine, J., &amp; Shimoni, A. (2003, August). Gender, genre, and writing style in formal written texts. <cite>Text</cite>, <i>23</i>(3), 321–346.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E75" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBED">Arkowitcz, H., &amp; Miller, W. R. (2008). Learning, applying, and extending motivational interviewing. In H. Arkowitcz, H. A. Westra, W. R. Miller, &amp; S. Rollnick (Eds.). <cite>Motivational interviewing in the treatment of psychological disorders</cite> (pp. 1–25). New York: Guilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E77" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBEE">Armstrong, R. (1997). When drugs are used for rape. <cite>Journal of Emergency Nursing</cite>, <i>23</i>(4), 378–381.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E79" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBEF">Arnett, J. J. (2000). Emerging adulthood. A theory of development from the late teens through the twenties. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>55</i>(5), 469–480.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E7B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBF0">Arnett, J. J. (2013). The evidence of Generation We and against Generation Me. <em>Emerging Adulthood, 1</em>(1), 5–10.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E7D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBF1">Arnett, P. A., Smith, S. S., &amp; Newman, J. P. (1997). Approach and avoidance motivation in psychopathic criminal offenders during passive avoidance. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>72</i>(6), 1413–1428.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E7F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBF2">Arns, M., de Ridder, S., Strehl, U., Breteler, M., &amp; Coenen, A. (2009). Efficacy of neurofeedback treatment in ADHD: The effects on inattention, impulsivity and hyperactivity: A meta-analysis. <cite>Clinical EEG and Neuroscience</cite>, <i>40</i>(3), 180–189.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E81" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBF3">Arns, M., van der Heijden, K. B., Arnold, L. E., &amp; Kenemans, J. L. (2013). Geographic variation in the prevalence of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: The sunny perspective. <em>Biological Psychiatry 74</em>(8): 585–590. doi: 10.1016/j.biopsych.2013.02.010</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E83" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBF4">Aron, A., Aron, E., &amp; Coups, E. (2005). <cite>Statistics for the behavioral and social sciences: Brief course</cite>. (4th ed.). Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E85" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBF5">Aronson, E. (1997). Back to the future. Retrospective review of Leon Festinger’s–A theory of cognitive dissonance. <cite>American Journal of Psychology</cite>, <i>110</i>, 127–137.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E87" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBF6">Aronson, E., Blaney, N., Stephan, C., Sikes, J., &amp; Snapp, M. (1978). <cite>The jigsaw classroom</cite>. Beverly Hills, CA: Sage.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E89" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBF7">Arora, S., Ashrafian, H., Davis, R., Athanasiou, T., Darzi, A., &amp; Sevdalis, N. (2010). Emotional intelligence in medicine: A systematic review through the context of the ACGME competencies. <em>Medical Education, 44</em>(8), 749–764. doi: 10.1111/j.1365–2923.2010.03709.x</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E8B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBF8">Asarnow, L. D., McGlinchey, E., &amp; Harvey, A. G. (2015). Evidence for a possible link between bedtime and change in body mass index. <em>Sleep, 38</em>(10), 1523–1527.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E8D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBF9">Asarnow, R. F., Granholm, E., &amp; Sherman, T. (1991). Span of apprehension in schizophrenia. In H. A. Nasrallah (Ed.), <cite>Handbook of Schizophrenia</cite>, Vol. <i>5</i>. In S. R. Steinhauer, J. H. Gruzelie, &amp; J. Zubin (Eds.), <cite>Neuropsychology, psychophysiology and information processing</cite> (pp. 335–370). Amsterdam: Elsevier.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E8F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBFA">Asch, S. E. (1951). Effects of group pressure upon the modification and distortion of judgement. In H. Guetzkow (Ed.), <cite>Groups, leadership and men</cite>. Pittsburgh: Carnegie Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E91" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBFB">Asch, S. E. (1956). Studies of independence and conformity: A minority of one against a unanimous majority. <cite>Psychological Monographs</cite>, <i>70</i> (Whole no. 416).</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E93" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBFC">Aserinsky, E., &amp; Kleitman, N. (1953). Regularly occurring periods of eye motility, and concomitant phenomena, during sleep. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>118</i>, 273–274.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E95" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBFD">Ash, M. G. (1998). <cite>Gestalt psychology in German culture, 1890–1967: Holism and the quest for objectivity</cite>. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E97" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBFE">Asp, E., &amp; Tranel, D. (2013). False tagging theory. In D. T. Stuss &amp; R. T. Knight (Eds.), <cite>Principles of frontal lobe function</cite> (pp. 383–416). New York, NY: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E99" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FBFF">Atkinson, R. C., &amp; Shiffrin, R. M. (1968). Human memory: A proposed system and its control processes. In K. W. Spence &amp; J. T. Spence (Eds.). <cite>The psychology of learning and motivation</cite> (Vol. 2, pp. 89–105). New York: Academic Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E9B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC00">Atladóttir, H. O., Pedersen, M. G., Thorsen, C., Mortensen, P. B., Deleuran, B., Eaton, W. W., &amp; Parner, E. T. (2009). Association of family history of autoimmune diseases and autism spectrum disorders. <cite>Pediatrics</cite>, <i>124</i>(2), 687–694.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E9D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC01">Aton, S., Seibt, J., Dumoulin, M., Jha, S. K., Steinmetz, N., Coleman, T., Naidoo, N., &amp; Frank, M. G. (2009). Mechanisms of sleep-dependent consolidation of cortical plasticity. <cite>Neuron</cite>, <i>61</i>(3): 454–466.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007E9F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC02">Atwood, K. C. (2001). Homeopathy and critical thinking. <em>The Scientific Review of Alternative Medicine, 5</em>(3), 149–151.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EA1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC03">Au, J., Sheehan, E., Tsai, N., Duncan, G. J., Buschkuehl, M., &amp; Jaeggi, S. M. (2015). Improving fluid intelligence with training on working memory: A meta-analysis. <em>Psychonomic Bulletin &amp; Review, 22</em>(2), 366–377. doi: 10.3758/s13423–014-0699-x</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EA3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC04">AVERT: AVERTing HIV and AIDS. (2015). HIV and AIDS in Eastern Europe &amp; Central Asia. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.avert.org/professionals/hiv-around-world/eastern-europe-central-asia</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EA5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC05">Azmitia, M., Syed, M., &amp; Radmacher, K. (2008). On the intersection of personal and social identities: Introduction and evidence from a longitudinal study of emerging adults. In M. Azmitia, M. Syed, &amp; K. Radmacher (Eds.), <em>The intersections of personal and social identities</em>. <cite>New Directions for Child and Adolescent Development</cite>, <i>120</i>, 1–16. San Francisco: Jossey-Bass.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EA7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC06">Babiloni, C., Vecchio, F., Buffo, P., Buttiglione, M., Cibelli, G., &amp; Rossini, P. M. (2010). Cortical responses to consciousness of schematic emotional facial expressions: A high-resolution EEG study. <cite>Human Brain Mapping</cite>, <i>8</i>, 8.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EA9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC07">Backenstrass, M., Pfeiffer, N., Schwarz, T., Catanzaro, S. J., &amp; Mearns, J. (2008). Reliability and validity of the German version of the Generalized Expectancies for Negative Mood Regulation (NMR) Scale. <cite>Diagnostica</cite>, <i>54</i>, 43–51.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EAB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC08">Backer, B., Hannon, R., &amp; Russell, N. (1994). <cite>Death and dying: Understanding and care</cite> (2nd ed.). Albany, NY: Delmar.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EAD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC09">Baddeley, A. D. (1986). <cite>Working memory</cite>. London/New York: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EAF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC0A">Baddeley, A. D. (1988). Cognitive psychology and human memory. <cite>Trends in Neurosciences</cite>, <i>11</i>, 176–181.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EB1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC0B">Baddeley, A. D. (1996). Exploring the central executive. <cite>Quarterly Journal of Experimental Psychology</cite>, <i>49A</i>, 5–28.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EB3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC0C">Baddeley, A. D. (2003). Working memory: Looking back and looking visual forward. <cite>Nature Reviews Neuroscience</cite>, <i>4</i>(10), 829–839.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EB5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC0D">Baddeley, A. D. (2012). Working memory: Theories, models, and controversies. <cite>Annual Review of Psychology</cite>, <i>63</i>(1), 1–29. doi: 10.1146/annurev-psych-120710–100422</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EB7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC0E">Baddeley, A. D., &amp; Hitch, G. (1974). Working memory. In G. A. Bower (Ed.), <cite>The psychology of learning and motivation</cite>, <i>8</i> (pp. 47–89). New York: Academic Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EB9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC0F">Baddeley, A. D., &amp; Larson, J. D. (2007). The phonological loop unmasked? A comment on the evidence for a “perceptual-gestural’’ alternative. <cite>Quarterly Journal of Experimental Psychology</cite>, <i>60</i>(4), 497–504.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EBB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC10">Baehr, E. K., Revelle, W., &amp; Eastman, C. I. (2000). Individual difference in the phase amplitude of the human circadian temperature rhythm: With an emphasis on morningness-eveningness. <cite>Journal of Sleep Research</cite>, <i>9</i>, 117–127.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EBD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC11">Baer, D. M., Wolf, M. M., &amp; Risley, T. R. (1968). Some current dimensions of applied behavior analysis. <cite>Journal of Applied Behavior Analysis</cite>, <i>1</i>, 91–97.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EBF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC12">Bagby, R. M., Nicholson, R. A., Buis, T., &amp; Bacchiochi, J. R. (2000). Can the MMPI-2 validity scales detect depression feigned by experts? <em>Assessment, 7</em>(1), 55–62.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EC1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC13">Bahrick, H. (1984). Fifty years of second language attrition: Implications for programmatic research. <cite>Modern Language Journal</cite>, <i>68</i>, 105–118.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EC3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC14">Bahrick, H. P., Hall, L. K., &amp; Berger, S. A. (1996, September). Accuracy and distortion in memory for high school grades. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>7</i>, 265–271.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EC5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC15">Bailey, J., Dunne, M. P., &amp; Martin, N. G. (2000). Genetic and environmental influences on sexual orientation and its correlates in an Australian twin sample. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>78</i>(3), 524–536.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EC7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC16">Bailey, J. M., &amp; Pillard, R. C. (1991). A genetic study of male sexual orientation. <cite>Archives of General Psychiatry</cite>, <i>48</i>, 1089–1096.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EC9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC17">Bailey, J. M., Pillard, R. C., Neale, M. C., &amp; Agyei, Y. (1993). Heritable factors influence sexual orientation in women. <cite>Archives of General Psychiatry</cite>, <i>50</i>, 217–223.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007ECB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC18">Bailey, J. M., &amp; Zucker, K. J. (1995). Childhood sex-typed behavior and sexual orientation: A conceptual analysis and quantitative review. <cite>Developmental Psychology</cite>, <i>31</i>, 43–55.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007ECD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC19">Baillargeon, R. (1986). Representing the existence and the location of hidden objects: Object permanence in 6- and 8-month-old infants. <cite>Cognition</cite>, 23, 21–41.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007ECF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC1A">Bains, G. S., Berk, L., Deshpande, P., Pawar, P., Daher, N., Lohman, E., Petrofsky, J., &amp; Schwab, E. (2012). Effectiveness of humor on short term memory function in elderly subjects. <em>The Journal of the Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology, 26</em>, lb834.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007ED1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC1B">Baker, L. D., Frank, L. L., Foster-Schubert, K., Green, P. S., Wilkinson, C. W., McTiernan, A., et al. (2010). Effects of aerobic exercise on mild cognitive impairment: A controlled trial. <cite>Archives of Neurology</cite>, <i>67</i>(1), 71–79.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007ED3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC1C">Bakker, A. B., Demerouti, E., &amp; Sanz-Vergel, A. I. (2014). Burnout and work engagement: The JD-R approach. <em>Annual Review of Organizational Psychology and Organizational Behavior, 1,</em> 389–411.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007ED5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC1D">Bakhshaie, J., Zvolensky, M. J., &amp; Goodwin, R. D. (2016). Cigarette smoking and the onset and persistence of panic attacks during mid-adulthood in the United States: 1994–2005. <cite>Journal of Clinical Psychiatry</cite>, <i>77</i>(1), e21–24. doi: 10.4088/JCP.14m09290</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007ED7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC1E">Ball, K., Berch, D. B., Helmers, K. F., Jobe, J. B., Leveck, M. D., Marsiske, M., Morris, J. N., Rebok, G. W., Smith, D. M., Tennstedt, S. L., Unverzagt, F. W., &amp; Willis, S. L. (2002). Advanced Cognitive Training for Independent and Vital Elderly Study Group. Effects of cognitive training interventions with older adults: A randomized controlled trial. <cite>Journal of the American Medical Association</cite>, <i>288</i>, 2271–2281.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007ED9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC1F">Ball, T. M., Stein, M. B., &amp; Paulus, M. P. (2014). Toward the application of functional neuroimaging to individualized treatment for anxiety and depression. <em>Depression and Anxiety, 31</em>(11), 920–933. doi: 10.1002/da.22299</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EDB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC20">Baltes, P. B., Reese, H. W., &amp; Nesselroade, J. R. (1988). <cite>Introduction to research methods, life-span developmental psychology</cite>. Hillsdale, NJ: Lawrence Erlbaum.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EDD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC21">Bandura, A. (1965). Influence of models’ reinforcement contingencies on the acquisition of imitative responses. <cite>Journal of Social Psychology</cite>, <i>1</i>, 589–595.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EDF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC22">Bandura, A. (1980). The social learning theory of aggression. In R. A. Falk &amp; S. S. Kim (Eds.), <cite>The war system: An interdisciplinary approach</cite> (p. 146). Boulder, CO: Westview Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EE1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC23">Bandura, A. (1986). <cite>Social foundations of thought and action: A social cognitive theory</cite>. Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Prentice Hall.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EE3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC24">Bandura, A. (1989). Human agency in social cognitive theory. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>44</i>, 1175–1184.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EE5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC25">Bandura, A. (1998). Exploration of fortuitous determinants of life paths. <cite>Psychological Inquiry</cite>, <i>9</i>, 95–99.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EE7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC26">Bandura, A., Blanchard, E. B., &amp; Ritter, B. (1969). Relative efficacy of desensitization and modeling approaches for inducing behavioral, affective, and attitudinal changes. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>13</i>, 173–199.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EE9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC27">Bandura, A., Jeffrey, R. W., &amp; Wright, C. L. (1974). Efficacy of participant modeling as a function of response induction aids. <cite>Journal of Abnormal Psychology</cite>, <i>83</i>, 56–64.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EEB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC28">Bandura, A., &amp; Rosenthal, T. L. (1966). Vicarious classical conditioning as a functioning of arousal level. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>3</i>, 54–62.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EED" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC29">Bandura, A., Ross, D., &amp; Ross, S. A. (1961). Transmission of aggression through imitation of aggressive models. <cite>Journal of Abnormal and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>63</i>, 575–582.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EEF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC2A">Bandura, A., Ross, D., &amp; Ross, S. A. (1963). Imitation of film-mediated aggressive models. <cite>Journal of Abnormal and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>66</i>, 3–11.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EF1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC2B">Banerjee, A., &amp; Chaudhury, S. (2010). Statistics without tears: Populations and samples. <em>Industrial Psychiatry Journal, 19</em>(1), 60–65.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EF3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC2C">Banks, G. P., Mikell, C. B., Youngerman, B. E., Henriques, B., Kelly, K. M., Chan, A. K., . . . Sheth, S. A. (2015). Neuroanatomical characteristics associated with response to dorsal anterior cingulotomy for obsessive-compulsive disorder. <em>JAMA Psychiatry, 72</em>(2), 127–135. doi: 10.1001/jamapsychiatry.2014.2216</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EF5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC2D">Baral, S., Todd, C. S., Aumakhan, B., Lloyd, J., Delegchoimbol, A., &amp; Sabin, K. (2013). HIV among female sex workers in the Central Asian Republics, Afghanistan, and Mongolia: Contexts and convergence with drug use. <cite>Drug and Alcohol Dependence</cite>, <i>132</i>(1), 13–16.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EF7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC2E">Bard, P. (1934). On emotional expression after decortication with some remark on certain theoretical views. <cite>Psychological Review</cite>, <i>41</i>, 309–329, 424–449.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EF9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC2F">Bargh, J. A., Chen, M., &amp; Burrows, C. (1996). Automaticity of social behavior: Direct effects of trait construct and stereotype activation on action. <cite>Journal of Personality &amp; Social Psychology</cite>, <i>71</i>(2), 230–244.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EFB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC30">Bargh, J. A., Schwader, K. L., Hailey, S. E., Dyer, R. L., &amp; Boothby, E. J. (2012). Automaticity in social-cognitive processes. <em>Trends in Cognitive Sciences, 16</em>(12), 593–605.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EFD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC31">Barkley, R. A., Murphy, K. R., &amp; Fischer, M. (2008). <cite>ADHD in adults: What the science says</cite>. New York: Guilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007EFF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC32">Barlow, D. H., Allen, L. B., &amp; Basden, S. L. (2007). Psychological treatments for panic disorders, phobias, and generalized anxiety disorder. In P. E. Nathan &amp; J. M. Gorman (Eds.), <cite>A guide to treatments that work</cite> (3rd ed., pp. 351–394). New York: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F01" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC33">Barlow, D. H., Bullis, J. R., Comer, J. S., &amp; Ametaj, A. A. (2013). Evidence-based psychological treatments: An update and a way forward. <cite>Annual Review of Clinical Psychology</cite>, <i>9</i>, 1–27. doi: 10.1146/annurev-clinpsy-050212–185629</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F03" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC34">Barnes, A. M., &amp; Carey, J. C. (2002, January). Common problems of babies with trisomy 18 or 13. Rochester, NY, <cite>Support Organization for Trisomy 18, 13, and Related Disorders</cite>, January 11, New York: Soft Publications.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F05" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC35">Barnes, V., Schneider, R., Alexander, C., &amp; Staggers, F. (1997). Stress, stress reduction, and hypertension in African Americans: An updated review. <cite>Journal of the National Medical Association</cite>, <i>89</i>(7), 464–476.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F07" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC36">Barnyard, P., &amp; Grayson, A. (1996). <cite>Introducing psychological research</cite>. London: MacMillan Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F09" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC37">Baron, J. N., &amp; Reiss, P. C. (1985). Same time, next year: Aggregate analyses of the mass media and violent behavior. <cite>American Sociological Review</cite>, <i>50</i>, 347–363.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F0B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC38">Baron-Cohen, S., Leslie, A. M., &amp; Frith, U. (1985). Does the autistic child have a “theory of mind”? <em>Cognition, 21</em>(1), 3744.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F0D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC39">Barondes, S. H. (1998). <cite>Mood genes: Hunting for origins of mania and depression</cite>. New York: W. H. Freeman.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F0F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC3A">Barsalou, L. W. (1992). <cite>Cognitive psychology: An overview for cognitive scientists</cite>. Hillsdale, NJ: Lawrence Erlbaum.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F11" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC3B">Barsh, G. S., Farooqi, I. S., &amp; O’Rahilly, S. (2000). Genetics of body-weight regulation. <cite>Nature</cite>, <i>404</i>, 644–651.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F13" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC3C">Bartels, A., &amp; Zeki, S. (2000). The neural basis of romantic love. <cite>NeuroReport</cite>, <i>11</i>, 3829–3834.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F15" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC3D">Barth, J. M., &amp; Boles, D. B. (1999, September). <cite>Positive relations between emotion recognition skills and right hemisphere processing</cite>. Paper presented at the 11th Annual Convention of the American Psychological Society, Denver, CO.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F17" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC3E">Bartholomew, K. (1990). Avoidance of intimacy: An attachment perspective. <cite>Journal of Social and Personal Relationships</cite>, <i>7</i>, 147–178.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F19" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC3F">Bartlett, C., Harris, R., &amp; Bruey, C. (2008). The effect of the amount of blood in a violent video game on aggression, hostility, and arousal. <cite>Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</cite>, <i>44</i>(3), 539–546.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F1B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC40">Bartlett, F. C. (1932). <cite>Remembering: A study in experimental and social psychology</cite>. Cambridge, UK: Cambridge University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F1D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC41">Bartlett, N. R. (1965). Dark and light adaptation. In C. H. Graham (Ed.), <cite style="font-style: normal;"><em>Vision and visual perception, </em>185–207</cite>. New York: John Wiley &amp; Sons</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F1F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC42">Bartol, T. M., Bromer, C., Kinney, J., Chirillo, M. A., Bourne, J. N., Harris, K. M., &amp; Sejnowski, T. J. (2015). Nanoconnectomic upper bound on the variability of synaptic plasticity. <em>Elife, 4</em>. doi: 10.7554/eLife.10778</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F21" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC43">Barton, M. E., &amp; Komatsu, L. K. (1989). Defining features of natural kinds and artifacts. <cite>Journal of Psycholinguistic Research</cite>, <i>18</i>, 433–447.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F23" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC44">Bartoshuk, L. M. (1993). The biological basis for food perception and acceptance. <cite>Food Quality and Preference</cite>, <i>4</i>(1/2), 21–32.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F25" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC45">Bartoshuk, L. M., Duffy, V. B., Hayes, J. E., Moskowitz, H. R., &amp; Snyder, D. J. (2006). Psychophysics of sweet and fat perception in obesity: Problems, solutions and new perspectives. <cite>Philosophical transactions of the Royal Society of London. Series B, Biological sciences</cite>, <i>361</i>(1471), 1137–1148.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F27" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC46">Bartoshuk, L. M., Fast, K., &amp; Snyder, D. J. (2005). Differences in our sensory worlds. <cite>Current Directions in Psychological Science</cite>, <i>14</i>(3), 122–125.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F29" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC47">Bartz, J. A., Lydon, J. E., Kolevzon, A., Zaki, J., Hollander, E., Ludwig, N., &amp; Bolger, N. (2015). Differential effects of oxytocin on agency and communion for anxiously and avoidantly attached individuals. <em>Psychological Science, 26</em>(8), 1177–1186. doi: 10.1177/0956797615580279</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F2B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC48">Bartz, J. A., Zaki, J., Bolger, N., Hollander, E., Ludwig, N. N., Kolevzon, A., &amp; Ochsner, K. N. (2010). Oxytocin selectively improves empathic accuracy. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>21</i>(10), 1426–1428. doi: 10.1177/0956797610383439</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F2D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC49">Bartz, J. A., Zaki, J., Bolger, N., &amp; Ochsner, K. N. (2011). Social effects of oxytocin in humans: Context and person matter. <cite>Trends in Cognitive Sciences</cite>, <i>15</i>(7), 301–309. doi: 10.1016/j.tics.2011.05.002</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F2F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC4A">Basadur, M., Pringle, P., &amp; Kirkland, D. (2002). Crossing cultures: Training effects on the divergent thinking attitudes of Spanish-speaking South American managers. <cite>Creativity Research Journal</cite>, <i>14</i>(3, 4), 395–408.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F31" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC4B">Basner M., Rao, H., Goel, N., &amp; Dinges, D. F. (2013). Sleep deprivation and neurobehavioral dynamics. <cite>Current Opinion in Neurobiology</cite>. doi: 10.1016/j.conb.2013.02.008</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F33" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC4C">Basten, U., Hilger, K., &amp; Fiebach, C. J. (2015). Where smart brains are different: A quantitative meta-analysis of functional and structural brain imaging studies on intelligence. <em>Intelligence, 51</em>, 10–27. doi: 10.1016/j.intell.2015.04.009</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F35" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC4D">Bastien, C. H., Morin, C. M., Ouellet, M., Blais, F. C., Bouchard, S. (2004). Cognitive-behavioral therapy for insomnia: Comparison of individual therapy, group therapy, and telephone consultations. <cite>Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology</cite>, <i>72</i>(4), 653–659.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F37" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC4E">Bateman, R. J., Xiong, C., Benzinger, T. L., Fagan, A. M., Goate, A., Fox, N. C., . . . Dominantly Inherited Alzheimer, N. (2012). Clinical and biomarker changes in dominantly inherited Alzheimer’s disease. <em>New England Journal of Medicine, 367</em>(9), 795–804. doi: 10.1056/NEJMoa1202753</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F39" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC4F">Bator, R. J., &amp; Cialdini, R. B. (2006). The nature of consistency motivation: Consistency, aconsistency, and anticonsistency in a dissonance paradigm. <cite>Social Influence</cite>, <i>1</i>, 208–233.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F3B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC50">Baumann, O., Borra, R. J., Bower, J. M., Cullen, K. E., Habas, C., Ivry, R. B., . . . Sokolov, A. A. (2015). Consensus paper: The role of the cerebellum in perceptual processes. <em>Cerebellum (London, England), 14</em>(2), 197–220. doi: 10.1007/s12311–014-0627–7</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F3D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC51">Baumeister, D., Tojo, L. M., &amp; Tracy, D. K. (2015). Legal highs: Staying on top of the flood of novel psychoactive substances. <em>Therapeutic Advances in Psychopharmacology, 5</em>(2), 97–132.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F3F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC52">Baumgart, M., Snyder, H. M., Carrillo, M. C., Fazio, S., Kim, H., &amp; Johns, H. (2015). Summary of the evidence on modifiable risk factors for cognitive decline and dementia: A population-based perspective. <em>Alzheimer’s &amp; Dementia, 11</em>(6): 718–726.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F41" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC53">Baumrind, D. (1964). Some thoughts on ethics of research: After reading Milgram’s “Behavioral Study of Obedience.” <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>19</i>, 421–423.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F43" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC54">Baumrind, D. (1967). Child care practices anteceding three patterns of preschool behavior. <cite>Genetic Psychology Monograph</cite>, <i>75</i>, 43–88.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F45" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC55">Baumrind, D. (1991). The influence of parenting style on adolescent competence and substance abuse. <cite>Journal of Early Adolescence</cite>, <i>11</i>(1), 56–95.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F47" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC56">Baumrind, D. (1997). Necessary distinctions. <cite>Psychological Inquiry</cite>, <i>8</i>, 176–182.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F49" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC57">Baumrind, D. (2005). Patterns of parental authority and adolescent autonomy. In J. Smetana (Ed.), <cite>New directions for child development: Changes in parental authority during adolescence</cite> (pp. 61–69). San Francisco: Jossey-Bass.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F4B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC58">Bayliss, D. M., Baddeley, J. C., &amp; Gunn, D. M. (2005). The relationship between short-term memory and working memory: Complex span made simple? <cite>Memory</cite>, <i>13</i>(3–4), 414–421.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F4D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC59">Beardsley, T. (1995, January). For whom the bell curve really tolls. <cite>Scientific American</cite>, 14–17.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F4F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC5A">Beauchamp, G. K., &amp; Mennella, J. A. (2011). Flavor perception in human infants: Development and functional significance. <cite>Digestion</cite>, <em>83 </em>(Suppl <i style="font-style: normal;">1)</i>, 1–6. doi: 10.1159/000323397</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F51" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC5B">Bechtel, W., &amp; Abrahamsen, A. (2002). <cite>Connectionism and the mind: Parallel processing, dynamics, and evolution in networks</cite> (2nd ed.). Oxford, UK: Basil Blackwell.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F53" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC5C">Beck, A. T. (1976). <cite>Cognitive therapy and the emotional disorders</cite>. New York: International Universities Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F55" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC5D">Beck, A. T. (1979). <cite>Cognitive therapy and the emotional disorders</cite>. New York: Penguin Books.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F57" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC5E">Beck, A. T. (1984). Cognitive approaches to stress. In C. Lehrer &amp; R. L. Woolfolk (Eds.), <cite style="font-style: normal;"><em>Clinical guide to stress management, </em>pp. 255–305</cite>. New York: Guilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F59" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC5F">Beck, H. P., &amp; Irons, G. (2011). Finding Little Albert: A seven-year search for psychology’s lost boy. <em>The Psychologist, 25</em>, 180–181.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F5B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC60">Beck, H. P., Levinson, S., &amp; Irons, G. (2009). Finding Little Albert: A journey to John B. Watson’s infant laboratory. <em>American Psychologist, 64</em>(7), 605–614. doi: 10.1037/a0017234</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F5D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC61">Beck, J. S. (2007). Cognitive therapy for personality disorders. Retrieved November 17, 2010, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.academyofct.org/Library/InfoManage/Guide.asp?FolderID=196</span>.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F5F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC62">Beckman, M. &amp; Pierrehumbert, J. (1986). Intonational structure in English and Japanese. <cite>Phonology Year Book III</cite>, 15–70.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F61" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC63">Beehr, T. A., Jex, S. M., Stacy, B. A., &amp; Murray, M. A. (2000). Work stressors and coworker support as predictors of individual strain and job performance. <cite>Journal of Organizational Behavior</cite>, <i>21</i>(4), 391–405.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F63" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC64">Beer, J. M., &amp; Horn, J. M. (2001). The influence of rearing order on personality development within two adoption cohorts. <cite>Journal of Personality</cite>, <i>68</i>, 789–819.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F65" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC65">Beer, J. S. (2009). The neural basis of emotion regulation: Making emotion work for you and not against you. In M. S. Gazzaniga (Ed.), <cite>The Cognitive Neurosciences</cite> (pp. 961–972). Cambridge, MA: The MIT Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F67" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC66">Behne, T., Carpenter, M., &amp; Tomasello, M. (2005). One-year-olds comprehend the communicative intentions behind gestures in a hiding game. <cite>Developmental Science</cite>, <i>8</i>, 492–499.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F69" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC67">Békésy, G. V. (1960). <cite>Experiments in Hearing</cite> (E. G. Wever, Trans.). New York: McGraw-Hill Book Company.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F6B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC68">Bell, B. G., &amp; Grubin, D. (2010). Functional magnetic resonance imaging may promote theoretical understanding of the polygraph test. <cite>Journal of Forensic Psychiatry and Psychology</cite>, <i>21</i>(1), 52–65.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F6D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC69">Bellis, M. A., Downing, J., &amp; Ashton, J. A. (2006). Adults at 12? Trends in puberty and their public health consequences. <cite>Journal of Epidemiology and Community Health</cite>, <i>60</i>, 910–911. doi: 10.1136/jech.2006.049379</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F6F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC6A">Belsky, J. (2005). Differential susceptibility to rearing influence: An evolutionary hypothesis and some evidence. In B. Ellis &amp; D. Bjorklund (Eds.), <cite>Origins of the social mind: Evolutionary psychology and child development</cite> (pp. 139–163). New York: Guilford.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F71" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC6B">Belsky, J., &amp; Johnson, C. D. (2005). Developmental outcome of children in day care. In J. Murph, S. D. Palmer, &amp; D. Glassy (Eds.), <cite>Health in child care: A manual for health professionals</cite> (4th ed., pp. 81–95). Elks Grove Village, IL: American Academy of Pediatrics.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F73" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC6C">Belsky, J., Vandell, D., Burchinal, M., Clarke-Stewart, K. A., McCartney, K., Owen, M., &amp; NICHD Early Child Care Research Network. (2007). Are there long-term effects of early child care? <cite>Child Development</cite>, <i>78</i>, 681–701.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F75" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC6D">Bem, D. J. (1972). Self-perception theory. In L. Berkowitz (Ed.), <cite>Advances in experimental social psychology</cite> (Vol. 6, pp. 1–62). New York: Academic Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F77" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC6E">Bem, S. L. (1975). Sex role adaptability: The consequence of psychological androgyny. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>31</i>, 634–643.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F79" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC6F">Bem, S. L. (1981). Gender schema theory: A cognitive account of sex typing. <cite>Psychological Review</cite>, <i>88</i>, 354–364.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F7B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC70">Bem, S. L. (1987). Gender schema theory and the romantic tradition. In P. Shaver &amp; C. Hendrick (Eds.), <cite>Review of personality and social psychology</cite> (Vol. 7, pp. 251–271). Newbury Park, CA: Sage.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F7D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC71">Bem, S. L. (1993). Is there a place in psychology for a feminist analysis of the social context? <cite>Feminism &amp; Psychology</cite>, <i>3</i>, 247–251.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F7F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC72">Bengston, V. L. (1970). The generation gap. <cite>Youth and Society</cite>, <i>2</i>, 7–32.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F81" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC73">Benito, J. M., Kumru, H. P., Murillo, N. P., Costa, U. P., Medina, J. P., Tormos, J. M. P., … Vidal, J. P. (2012). Motor and gait improvement in patients with incomplete spinal cord injury induced by high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation. <cite>Topics in Spinal Cord Injury Rehabilitation</cite>, <i>18</i>(2), 106–112. doi: 10.1310/sci1802–106</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F83" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC74">Ben-Porath, Y. S., &amp; Tellegen, A. (2011). <em>Mmpi-2-RF (Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory-2 Restructured Form): Manual for administration, scoring, and interpretation</em>. Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F85" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC75">Ben-Shakhar, G., Garner, M., Iacono, W., Meijer, E., &amp; Verschuere, B. (2015). Preliminary process theory does not validate the comparison question test: A comment on Palmatier and Rovner (2015). <cite>International Journal of Psychophysiology</cite>, <i>95</i>(1), 16–19.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F87" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC76">Benjafield, J. J. G. (1996). <cite>A history of psychology</cite>. Boston: Allyn and Bacon.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F89" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC77">Benjamin, S. L. (1996). An interpersonal theory of personality disorders. In J. F. Clarkin &amp; M. F. Lenzenweger (Eds.), <cite style="font-style: normal;"><em>Major theories of personality disorder, </em>157–230</cite>. New York: Guilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F8B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC78">Benowitz, N. L. (1988). Pharmacologic aspects of cigarette smoking and nicotine addiction. <cite>New England Journal of Medicine</cite>, <i>319</i>, 1318–1330.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F8D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC79">Benozio, A., &amp; Diesendruck, G. (2015). From effort to value: Preschool children’s alternative to effort justification. <em>Psychological Science, 26</em>(9), 1423–1429. doi: 10.1177/0956797615589585</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F8F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC7A">Benson, H. (1975). <cite>The relaxation response</cite>. New York: Morrow.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F91" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC7B">Benson, H., Beary, J., &amp; Carol, M. (1974a). The relaxation response. <cite>Psychiatry</cite>, <i>37</i>, 37–46.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F93" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC7C">Benson, H., Rosner, B. A., Marzetta, B. R., &amp; Klemchuk, H. M. (1974b). Decreased blood pressure in pharmacologically treated hypertensive patients who regularly elicited the relaxation response. <cite>Lancet</cite>, <i>1</i>(7852), 289–291.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F95" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC7D">Benton, D., &amp; Parker P. (1998). Breakfast, blood glucose and cognition. <cite>American Journal of Clinical Nutrition</cite>, <i>67</i>(4), 772S–778S.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F97" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC7E">Berenbaum, S. A., &amp; Snyder, E. (1995). Early hormonal influences on childhood sex-typed activity and playmate preferences: Implications for the development of sexual orientation. <cite>Developmental Psychology</cite>, <i>31</i>, 31–42.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F99" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC7F">Berent, S. (1977). Functional asymmetry of the human brain in the recognition of faces. <cite>Neuropsychologia</cite>, <i>15</i>, 829–831.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F9B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC80">Berg, F. (1999). Health risks associated with weight loss and obesity treatment programs. <cite>Journal of Social Issues</cite>, <i>55</i>(2), 277–297.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F9D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC81">Bergmann, O., Liebl, J., Bernard, S., Alkass, K., Yeung, M. S., Steier, P., . . . &amp; Frisen, J. (2012). The age of olfactory bulb neurons in humans. <em>Neuron, 74</em>(4), 634–639. doi: 10.1016/j.neuron.2012.03.030</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007F9F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC82">Berk, L., Prowse, M., Petrofsky, J. S., Batt, J., Laymon, M., Bains, G., Daher, N., Tan, S., &amp; Berk, D. (2009, May). <cite>Laughercise: Health benefits similar of exercise lowers cholesterol and systolic blood pressure</cite>. Presented at the Association for Psychological Science 21st Annual Convention, San Francisco, CA.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FA1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC83">Berk, L. E. (1992). Children’s private speech: An overview of theory and the status of research. In R. M. Diaz &amp; L. E. Berk (Eds.), <cite>Private speech: From social interaction to self-regulation</cite> (pp. 17–53). Hillsdale, NJ: Erlbaum.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FA3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC84">Berk, L. E., &amp; Spuhl, S. T. (1995). Maternal interaction, private speech, and task performance in preschool children. <cite>Early Childhood Research Quarterly</cite>, <i>10</i>, 145–169.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FA5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC85">Berk, L. S., Felten, D. L., Tan, S. A., Bittman, B. B., &amp; Westengard, J. (2001). Modulation of neuroimmune parameters during the eustress of humor-associated mirthful laughter. <cite>Alternative Therapy Health Medicines</cite>, <i>7</i>(2), 62–72, 74–76.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FA7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC86">Berk L. S., Tan, S. A., &amp; Berk, D. (2008, April). <cite>Cortisol and catecholamine stress hormone decrease is associated with the behavior of perceptual anticipation of mirthful laughter</cite>. Presented at the 121st Annual Meeting of the American Physiological Society, San Diego, CA.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FA9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC87">Berkowitz, L. (1993). <cite>Aggression: Its causes, consequences and control</cite>. New York: McGraw-Hill.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FAB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC88">Berlin, L. J., Ispa, J. M., Fine, M. A., Malone, P. S., Brooks-Gunn, J., Brady-Smith, C., Ayoub, C., &amp; Bai, Y. (2009). Correlates and consequences of spanking and verbal punishment for low-income white, African American, and Mexican American toddlers. <em>Child Development, 80</em>(5), 1403–1420.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FAD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC89">Berman, A., Bradley, J. C., Carroll, B., Certain, R. D., Gabrelcik, J. C., Green, R., . . . &amp; Werbel, A. (2010). <cite style="font-style: normal;"><em>The challenge and the promise: Strengthening the force, preventing suicide and saving lives. Final report of the Department of Defense task force on the prevention of suicide by members of the armed forces</em>, pp. 41–44</cite>. Washington, DC.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FAF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC8A">Bermond, B., Nieuwenhuyse, B., Fasotti, L., &amp; Schuerman, J. (1991). Spinal cord lesions, peripheral feedback, and intensities of emotional feelings. <cite>Cognition and Emotion</cite>, <i>5</i>, 201–220.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FB1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC8B">Bernat, E., Shevrin, H., &amp; Snodgrass, M. (2001). Subliminal visual oddball stimuli evoke a P300 component. <cite>Clinical Neurophysiology</cite>, <i>112</i>, 159–171.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FB3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC8C">Berry, J. A., Cervantes-Sandoval, I., Chakraborty, M., &amp; Davis, R. L. (2015). Sleep facilitates memory by blocking dopamine neuron-mediated forgetting. <em>Cell, 161</em>(7), 1656–1667.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FB5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC8D">Berry, J. W., &amp; Kim, U. (1998). Acculturation and mental health. In P. R. Dasen, J. W. Berry, &amp; N. Sartorius (Eds.), <cite>Health and cross-cultural psychology: Toward applications</cite> (pp. 207–236). Newbury Park, CA: Sage.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FB7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC8E">Berry, J. W., &amp; Sam, D. L. (1997). Acculturation and adaptation. In J. W. Berry, M. H. Segall, &amp; C. Kagitcibasi (Eds.), <cite>Handbook of cross-cultural psychology, Vol. 3: Social behaviour and applications</cite> (2nd ed., pp. 291–326). Boston: Allyn &amp; Bacon.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FB9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC8F">Berscheid, E., &amp; Reis, H. T. (1998). Attraction and close relationships. In D. T. Gilbert &amp; S. T. Fiske et al. (Eds.), <cite>The handbook of social psychology</cite>, <em>Vol.</em> <i>2</i> (4th ed., pp. 193–281), New York: McGraw-Hill.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FBB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC90">Berteretche, M. V., Dalix, A. M., Cesar d’Ornano, A. M., Bellisle, F., Khayat, D., &amp; Faurion, A. (2004). Decreased taste sensitivity in cancer patients under chemotherapy. <cite>Supportive Care in Cancer</cite>, <i>12</i>(8), 571–576.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FBD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC91">Berthiller, J., Straif, K., Boniol, M., Voirin, N., Behnaim-Luzon, V., Ayoub, W. B., Dari, I., Laouamri, S., Hamdi-Cherif, M., Bartal, M., Ayed, F. B., &amp; Sasco, A. J. (2008). Cannabis smoking and risk of lung cancer in men: A pooled analysis of three studies in Maghreb. <em>Journal of Thoracic Oncology, 3</em>(12), 1398–1403.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FBF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC92">Bertram, L., &amp; Tanzi, R. E. (2005). The genetic epidemiology of neurodegenerative disease. <cite>The Journal of Clinical Investigation</cite>, <i>115</i>(6), 1449–1457.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FC1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC93">Best, D. L. (2013). African perspectives on gender development. In T. M. S. Tchombe, A. B. Nsamenang, H. Keller, &amp; M. Fülöp (Eds.), <cite>Cross-cultural psychology: An Africa-centric perspective</cite> (pp. 149–161). Limbe, Cameroon; Gainesville, FL: Design House; Bukhum Communications.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FC3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC94">Best, D. L., &amp; Williams, J. E. (2001). Gender and culture. In D. Matsumoto (Ed.), <cite>The handbook of culture and psychology</cite> (pp. 195–212). New York: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FC5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC95">Betancourt, J. R., &amp; Jacobs, E. A. (2000). Language barriers to informed consent and confidentiality: The impact on women’s health. <cite>Journal of American Medical Women’s Association</cite>, <i>55</i>, 294–295.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FC7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC96">Beyer, B. K. (1995). <cite>Critical thinking</cite>. Bloomington, IN: Phi Delta Kappa Educational Foundation.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FC9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC97">Beyreuther, K., Biesalski, H. K., Fernstrom, J. D., Grimm, P., Hammes, W. P., Heinemann, U., Kempski, O., Stehle, P., Steinhart, H., &amp; Walker, R. (2007). Consensus meeting: Monosodium glutamate, an update. <cite>European Journal of Clinical Nutrition</cite>, <i>61</i>, 304–313.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FCB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC98">Bialystok, E., Craik, F. I., Green, D. W., &amp; Gollan, T. H. (2009). Bilingual minds. <em>Psychological Science in the Public Interest, 10</em>(3), 89–129. doi: 10.1177/1529100610387084</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FCD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC99">Bieniek, K. F., Ross, O. A., Cormier, K. A., Walton, R. L., Soto-Ortolaza, A., Johnston, A. E., . . . Dickson, D. W. (2015). Chronic traumatic encephalopathy pathology in a neurodegenerative disorders brain bank. <em>Acta Neuropathol, 130</em>(6), 877–889. doi: 10.1007/s00401–015-1502–4</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FCF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC9A">Binder, J. R., Desai, R. H., Graves, W. W., &amp; Conant, L. L. (2009). Where is the semantic system? A critical review and meta-analysis of 120 functional neuroimaging studies. <em>Cerebral Cortex, 19</em>(12), 2767–2796.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FD1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC9B">Binet, A., &amp; Simon, T. (1916). <cite>The development of intelligence in children</cite>. Baltimore: Williams &amp; Wilkins.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FD3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC9C">Bird, C. M., Keidel, J. L., Ing, L. P., Horner, A. J., &amp; Burgess, N. (2015). Consolidation of complex events via reinstatement in posterior cingulate cortex. <em>Journal of Neuroscience, 35</em>(43), 14426–14434.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FD5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC9D">Birks, J., &amp; Evans, J. G. (2009). Ginkgo biloba for cognitive impairment and dementia. <em>The Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, </em>1, CD003120. doi: 10.1002/14651858.CD003120.pub3</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FD7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC9E">Biro, F. M., Greenspan, L. C., Galvez, M. P., Pinney, S. M., Teitelbaum, S., Windham, G. C., Deardorff, J., Herrick, R. L., Succop, P. A., Hiatt, R. A., Kushi, L. H., &amp; Wolff, M. S. (2013). Onset of breast development in a longitudinal cohort. <cite>Pediatrics</cite>, <i>132</i>(6), 1019.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FD9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FC9F">Bivens, J. A., &amp; Berk, L. E. (1990). A longitudinal study of the development of elementary school children’s private speech. <cite>Merill-Palmer Quarterly</cite>, <i>36</i>, 443–463.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FDB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCA0">Bjork, R. A., &amp; Bjork, E. L. (1992). A new theory of disuse and an old theory of stimulus fluctuation. In A. Healy, S. Kosslyn, &amp; R. Shiffrin (Eds.), <cite>From learning processes to cognitive processes: Essays in honor of William K. Estes</cite> (Vol. 2, pp. 35–67). Hillsdale, NJ: Erlbaum.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FDD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCA1">Bjork, R. A., &amp; Whitten, W. B. (1974). Recency-sensitive retrieval processes in long-term free recall. <cite>Cognitive Psychology</cite>, <i>6</i>, 173–189.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FDF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCA2">Blackless, M., Charuvastra, A., Derryck, A., Fausto-Sterling, A., Lauzanne, K., &amp; Lee, E. (2000). How sexually dimorphic are we? Review and synthesis. <cite>American Journal of Human Biology</cite>, <i>12</i>, 151–166.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FE1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCA3">Blackmon, L. R., Batton, D. G., Bell, E. F., Engle, W. A., Kanto, W. P., Martin, G. I., Rosenfeld, W. N., Stark, A. R., &amp; Lemons, J. A. (Committee on Fetus and Newborn). (2003). <cite>Apnea, sudden infant death syndrome, and home monitoring. Pediatrics</cite>, <i>111</i>(4), 914–917.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FE3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCA4">Blair, R. J. R., Sellars, C., Strickland, I., Clark, F., Williams, A. O., Smith, M., &amp; Jones, L. (1995). Emotion attributions in the psychopath. <cite>Personality and Individual Differences</cite>, <i>19</i>(4), 431–437.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FE5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCA5">Blanchard, M., &amp; Main, M. (1979). Avoidance of the attachment figure and social-emotional adjustment in day-care infants. <cite>Developmental Psychology</cite>, <i>15</i>, 445–446.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FE7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCA6">Blanchard, R. (2001). Fraternal birth order and the maternal immune hypothesis of male homosexuality. <cite>Hormones and Behavior</cite>, <i>40</i>(2), 105–114.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FE9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCA7">Blanchard-Fields, F., Chen, Y., Horhota, M., &amp; Wang, M. (2007). Cultural differences in the relationship between aging and the correspondence bias. <cite>Journals of Gerontology Series B: Psychological Sciences and Social Sciences</cite>, <i>62</i>(6), 362–365.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FEB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCA8">Blanchard-Fields, F., &amp; Horhota, M. (2005). Age differences in the correspondence bias: When a plausible explanation matters. <cite>Journals of Gerontology Series B: Psychological Sciences and Social Sciences</cite>, <i>60</i>(5), 259–267.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FED" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCA9">Blass, T. (1991). Understanding behavior in the Milgram obedience experiment: The role of personality, situations, and their interactions. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>60</i>, 398–413.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FEF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCAA">Blass, T. (1999). The Milgram paradigm after 35 years: Some things we now know about obedience to authority. <cite>Journal of Applied Social Psychology</cite>, <i>25</i>, 955–978.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FF1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCAB">Bledsoe, C. H., &amp; Cohen, B. (1993). <cite>Social dynamics of adolescent fertility in sub-Saharan Africa</cite>. Washington, DC: National Academy Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FF3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCAC">Blehar, M. C., &amp; Oren, D. A. (1997). Gender differences in depression. <cite>Medscape General Medicine</cite>, <i>1</i>(2). Retrieved June 27, 2004, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/719236</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FF5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCAD">Bleiberg, K. L., &amp; Markowitcz, J. C. (2008). Interpersonal psychotherapy for depression. In D. H. Barlow (Ed.), <cite>Clinical handbook of psychological disorders</cite> (pp. 306–327). New York: Guilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FF7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCAE">Bleuler, E. (1911, reissued 1950). <cite>Dementia praecox or the group of schizophrenias</cite>. New York: International Universities Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FF9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCAF">Block, N. (2005). Two neural correlates of consciousness. <cite>Trends in Cognitive Sciences</cite>,<em> 9</em>, 41–89.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FFB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCB0">Bloom, B. S. (Ed.). (1956) Taxonomy of educational objectives, the classification of educational goals–Handbook I: Cognitive domain. New York: McKay.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FFD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCB1">Bloom, L. (1974). Talking, understanding and thinking. In R. Schiefelbusch &amp; L. L. Lloyd (Eds.), <cite>Language perspectives: Acquisition, retardation and intervention</cite>. New York: Macmillan.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000007FFF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCB2">Bloom, P. (2000). <cite>How children learn the meaning of words</cite>. Cambridge, MA: MIT Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008001" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCB3"><cite style="font-style: normal;">Blumenfeld, H. (2010).<em> Neuroanatomy through clinical cases</em></cite> (2nd ed.). Sunderland, MA: Sinauer Associates, Inc.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008003" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCB4">Blumer, D. (2002). The illness of Vincent van Gogh. <cite>American Journal of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>159</i>(4), 519–526.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008005" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCB5">Bock, R. (1993, August). <cite>Understanding Klinefelter syndrome: A guide for XXY males and their families</cite>. NIH Publication No. -93–3202. National Institutes of Health, Office of Research Reporting. Washington, DC: Retrieved August 10, 2010, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.nichd.nih.gov/publications/pubs/klinefelter.cfm</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008007" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCB6">Bodrova, E., &amp; Leong, D. J. (1996). <cite>Tools of the mind: The Vygotskian approach to early childhood education</cite>. Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Prentice Hall.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008009" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCB7">Bogaert, A. F. (2006). Toward a conceptual understanding of asexuality. <cite>Review of General Psychology</cite>, <i>10</i>, 241–250.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000800B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCB8">Boggio, P. S., Campanha, C., Valasek, C. A., Fecteau, S., Pascual-Leone, A., &amp; Fregni, F. (2010). Modulation of decision-making in a gambling task in older adults with transcranial direct current stimulation. <cite>The European Journal of Neuroscience</cite>, <i>31</i>(3), 593–597.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000800D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCB9">Boggio, P. S., Fregni, F., Valasek, C., Ellwood, S., Chi, R., Gallate, J., et al. (2009). Temporal lobe cortical electrical stimulation during the encoding and retrieval phase reduces false memories. <cite>PLoS One</cite>, <i>4</i>(3), e4959.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000800F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCBA">Boggio, P. S., Rocha, M., Oliveira, M. O., Fecteau, S., Cohen, R. B., Campanha, C., Ferreira-Santos, E., Meleiro, A., Corchs, F., Zaghi, S., Pascual-Leone, A., &amp; Fregni, F. (2009). Noninvasive brain stimulation with high-frequency and low-intensity repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment for posttraumatic stress disorder. <cite>The Journal of Clinical Psychiatry</cite>, <i>29</i>, 29.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008011" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCBB">Bogle, K. D. (2000). Effect of perspective, type of student, and gender on the attribution of cheating. <cite>Proceedings of the Oklahoma Academy of Science</cite>, <i>80</i>, 91–97.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008013" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCBC">Boll, T. J., Johnson, S. B., Perry, N., &amp; Roszensky, R. H. (2002). Handbook of Clinical Health Psychology. Washington, DC: American Psychological Association.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008015" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCBD">Bolton, P., Bass, J., Betancourt, T., Speelman, L., Onyango, G., Clougherty, K. F., . . . &amp; Verdeli, H. (2007). Interventions for depression symptoms among adolescent survivors of war and displacement in northern Uganda. <cite>Journal of Medical Association</cite>, <i>298</i>, 519–527.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008017" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCBE">Bond, R. A., &amp; Smith, P. B. (1996). Culture and conformity: A meta-analysis of studies using Asch’s (1952, 1956) line judgment task. <cite>Psychological Bulletin</cite>, <i>119</i>, 111–137.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008019" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCBF">Bondarenko, L. A. (2004). Role of methionine in nocturnal melatonin peak in the pineal gland. <cite>Bulletin of Experimental Biological Medicine</cite>, <i>137</i>(5), 431–432.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000801B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCC0">Bonnelykke, B. (1990). Maternal age and parity as predictors of human twinning. <cite>Acta Genetic Medicine &amp; Gemellology</cite>, <i>39</i>, 329–334.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000801D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCC1">Boor, M. (1982). The multiple personality epidemic: Additional cases and inferences regarding diagnosis, etiology, dynamics, and treatment. <cite>Journal of Nervous and Mental Disease</cite>, <i>170</i>, 302–304.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000801F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCC2">Booth-Butterfield, S. (1996). Message characteristics. <cite>Steve’s primer of practical persuasion and influence</cite>. Retrieved August 2, 2004, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.austincc.edu/colangelo/1311/persuasivecharacteristics.htm</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008021" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCC3">Borgeat, F., &amp; Goulet, J. (1983, June). Psychophysiological changes following auditory subliminal suggestions for activation and deactivation. <cite>Perceptual &amp; Motor Skills</cite>, <i>56</i>(3), 759–766.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008023" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCC4">Borgelt, L. M., Franson, K. L., Nussbaum, A. M., &amp; Wang, G. S. (February 2013). The pharmacologic and clinical effects of medical cannabis. <em>Pharmacotherapy (Review) 33</em>(2), 195–209. doi: 10.1002/phar.1187</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008025" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCC5">Borges, M. A., Stepnowsky, M. A., &amp; Holt, L. H. (1977). Recall and recognition of words and pictures by adults and children. <cite>Bulletin of the Psychonomic Society</cite>, <i>9</i>, 113–114.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008027" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCC6">Bornheimer, L. A. (2015). Exposure and response prevention as an evidence-based treatment for obsessive–compulsive disorder: Considerations for social work practice. <em>Clinical Social Work Journal, 43</em>(1), 38–49.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008029" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCC7">Boroditsky, L. (2001). Does language shape thought? Mandarin and English speakers’ conceptions of time. <cite>Cognitive Psychology</cite>, <i>43</i>(1), 1–22.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000802B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCC8">Boroditsky, L. (2009). How does our language shape the way we think? In M. Brockman (Ed.), <em>What’s next? Dispatches on the future of science </em>(pp. 116–129). New York: Vintage.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000802D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCC9">Bossert, W., &amp; Schworm, W. (2008). A class of two-group polarization measures. <cite>Journal of Public Economic Theory, Association for Public Economic Theory</cite>, <i>10</i>(6): 1169–1187.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000802F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCCA">Bosworth, H. B., &amp; Schaie, K. W. (1997). The relationship of social environment, social networks, and health outcomes in the Seattle Longitudinal Study: Two analytical approaches. <cite>Journals of Gerontology Series B: Psychological Sciences and Social Sciences</cite>, <i>52</i>(5), 197–205.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008031" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCCB">Botella, C., Perez-Ara, M. A., Breton-Lopez, J., Quero, S., Garcia-Palacios, A., &amp; Banos, R. M. (2016). In vivo versus augmented reality exposure in the treatment of small animal phobia: A randomized controlled trial. <em>PLoS One, 11</em>(2), e0148237. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0148237</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008033" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCCC">Botwin, M. D., &amp; Buss, D. M. (1989). The structure of act data: Is the Five-Factor Model of personality recaptured? <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>56</i>, 988–1001.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008035" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCCD">Bouchard, C., Tremblay, A., Nadeau, A., Dussault, J., Despres, J. P., Theriault, G., Lupien, P. J., Serresse, O., Boulay, M. R., &amp; Fournier, G. (1990). Long-term exercise training with constant energy intake. 1: Effect on body composition and selected metabolic variables. <cite>International Journal on Obesity</cite>, <i>14</i>(1), 57–73.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008037" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCCE">Bouchard, T. (1994). Genes, environment, and personality. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>264</i>, 1700–1701.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008039" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCCF">Bouchard, T. J., Jr. (1997). Whenever the twain shall meet. <cite>The Science</cite>, <i>37</i>(5), 52–57.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000803B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCD0">Bouchard, T. J., &amp; Segal, N. L. (1985). Environment and IQ. In B. B. Wolman (Ed.), <cite>Handbook of intelligence: Theories, measurements, and applications</cite> (pp. 391–464). New York: John Wiley.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000803D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCD1">Bouckaert, F., De Winter, F. L., Emsell, L., Dols, A., Rhebergen, D., Wampers, M., . . . Vandenbulcke, M. (2015). Grey matter volume increase following electroconvulsive therapy in patients with late life depression: A longitudinal MRI study. <em>Journal of Psychiatry &amp; Neuroscience, 40</em>(5), 140322. doi: 10.1503/jpn.140322</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000803F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCD2">Boutwell, B. B., Franklin, C. A., Barnes, J. C., &amp; Beaver, K. M. (2011). College students more likely to be lawbreakers if spanked as children. <em>Aggressive Behavior, 37</em>(6), 559.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008041" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCD3">Bowden, C. L., Calabrese, J. R., McElroy, S. L., Gyulai, L., Wassef, A., Petty, F., Pope, H. G., Jr., Chou, J. C., Keck, P. E., Jr., Rhodes, L. J., Swann, A. C., Hirschfeld, R. M., &amp; Wozniak, P. J. (2000). For the Divalproex Maintenance Study Group. A randomized, placebo-controlled 12-month trial of divalproex and lithium in treatment of outpatients with bipolar I disorder. <cite>Archives of General Psychiatry</cite>, <i>57</i>(5), 481–489.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008043" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCD4">Bowers, K. S., &amp; Woody, E. Z. (1996). Hypnotic amnesia and the paradox of intentional forgetting. <cite>Journal of Abnormal Psychology</cite>, <i>105</i>, 381–390.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008045" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCD5">Bowman, E. S. (1996). Delayed memories of child abuse: Part II: An overview of research findings relevant to understanding their reliability and suggestibility. <cite>Dissociation: Progress in the Dissociative Disorders</cite>, <i>9</i>, 232–243.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008047" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCD6">Boxer, P., Groves, C. L., &amp; Docherty, M. (2015). Video games do indeed influence children and adolescents’ aggression, prosocial behavior, and academic performance: A clearer reading of Ferguson (2015). <em>Perspectives on Psychological Science, 10</em>(5), 671–673. doi: 10.1177/1745691615592239</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008049" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCD7">Boyd, C. H., &amp; Peeler, C. M. (May, 2004). <cite>Highlighting vs note taking: A comparison of students’ performance on tests</cite>. Poster presented at 16th Annual Convention of the American Psychological Society, Chicago, IL, USA.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000804B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCD8">Boyd, L. A., &amp; Winstein, C. J. (2004). Cerebellar stroke impairs temporal but not spatial accuracy during implicit motor learning. <cite>Neurorehabilitation and Neural Repair</cite>, <i>18</i>(3), 134–143.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000804D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCD9">Boyson-Bardies, B., deHalle, P., Sagart, L., &amp; Durand, C. (1989). A cross-linguistic investigation of vowel formats in babbling. <cite>Journal of Child Language</cite>, <i>16</i>, 1–17.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000804F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCDA">Bracey, G. (1997). A few facts about poverty. <cite>Phi Delta Kappan</cite>, <i>79</i>, 163–164.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008051" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCDB">Braun, S. R. (1996). <cite>Buzz: the science and lore of alcohol and caffeine</cite>. New York: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008053" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCDC">Brazelton, T. B. (1992). <cite>Touchpoints: Your child’s emotional and behavioral development</cite>. Reading, MA: Addison-Wesley.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008055" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCDD">Brecher, M., Wang, B. W., Wong, H., &amp; Morgan, J. P. (1988). Phencyclidine and violence: Clinical and legal issues. <cite>Journal of Clinical Psychopharmacology</cite>, <i>8</i>, 397–401.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008057" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCDE">Breedlove, S. M. (2010). Minireview: Organizational hypothesis: instances of the fingerpost. <cite>Endocrinology</cite>, <i>151</i>(9), 4116–4122. doi: 10.1210/en.2010–0041</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008059" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCDF">Breier, A., Albus, M., Pickar, D., Zahn, T. P., Wolkowitz, O. M., &amp; Paul, S. M. (1987). Controllable and uncontrollable stress in humans: Alterations in mood, neuroendocrine and psychophysiological function. <cite>American Journal of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>144</i>, 1419–1425.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000805B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCE0">Breiter, H. C., Gollub, R. L., Weisskoff, R. M., Kennedy, D. N., Makris, N., Berke, J. D., Goodman, J. M., Kantor, H. L., Gastfriend, D. R., Riorden, J. P., Mathew, R. T., Rosen, B. R., &amp; Hyman, S. E. (1997). Acute effects of cocaine on human brain activity and emotion. <cite>Neuron</cite>, <i>19</i>(3), 591–611.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000805D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCE1">Breland, K., &amp; Breland, M. (1961). The misbehavior of organisms. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>16</i>, 681–684.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000805F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCE2">Bremmer, J. D. (2005). <cite>Brain imaging handbook</cite>. New York: W. W. Norton.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008061" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCE3">Brennan, J. F. (2002). <cite>History and systems of psychology</cite> (6th ed.). Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008063" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCE4">Brennan, P. A., Raine, A., Schulsinger, F., Kirkegaard-Sorensen, L., Knop, J., Hutchings, B., Rosenberg, R., &amp; Mednick, S. A. (1997). Psychophysiological protective factors for male subjects at high risk for criminal behavior. <cite>American Journal of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>154</i>, 853–855.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008065" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCE5">Brenner, J. (2007, August). Parental impact on attitude formation–A siblings study on worries about immigration. <cite>Ruhr Economic Paper No. 22</cite>. Retrieved from Social Science Research Network (SSR) at <span class="url-obsolete">http://ssrn.com/abstract=1012110</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008067" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCE6">Breslau, N., Chilcoat, H. D., Kessler, R. C., Peterson, E. L., &amp; Lucia, V. C. (1999). Vulnerability to assaultive violence: Further specification of the sex difference in posttraumatic stress disorder. <cite>Psychological Medicine</cite>, <i>29</i>, 813–821.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008069" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCE7">Breslau, N., Davis, G. C., Andreski, P., &amp; Peterson, E. L. (1997). Sex differences in posttraumatic stress disorder. <cite>Archives of General Psychiatry</cite>, <i>54</i>(11), 1044–1048.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000806B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCE8">Breslow, R. A., Dong, C., &amp; White, A. (2015). Prevalence of alcohol-interactive prescription medication use among current drinkers: United States, 1999 to 2010. <em>Alcoholism, Clinical and Experimental Research, 39</em>(2), 371–379.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000806D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCE9">Breuer, J., &amp; Freud, S. (1895). <cite>Studies on hysteria (cathartic method). Special Edition</cite>, <i>2</i>, 1–309.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000806F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCEA">Brewer, M. B. (2001). Ingroup identification and intergroup conflict: When does in-group love become outgroup hate? In R. D. Ashmore, L. Jussim, &amp; D. Wilder (Eds.), <cite>Social identity, intergroup conflict, and conflict reduction</cite>. New York: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008071" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCEB">Brick, J. (2003). The characteristics of alcohol: Chemistry, use and abuse. In J. Brick (Ed.), <cite>Handbook of the medical consequences of alcohol and drug abuse</cite> (pp. 1–11). New York: Haworth Medical Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008073" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCEC">Briem, V., &amp; Hedman, L. R. (1995). Behavioural effects of mobile telephone use during simulated driving. <cite>Ergonomics</cite>, <i>38</i>, 2536–2562.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008075" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCED">Briggs, K. C., &amp; Myers, I. B. (1998). <cite>The Myers-Briggs Type Indicator-Form M</cite>. Palo Alto, CA: Consulting Psychologists Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008077" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCEE">Brigham, A. (1844). Asylums exclusively for the incurably insane. Classic article in <cite>The American Journal of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>151</i>, 50–70.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008079" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCEF">Bright, S. (2013, April). <em>Not for human consumption: New and emerging drugs in Australia.</em> Prevention Research, Melbourne: Australian Drug Foundation.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000807B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCF0">Briñol, P., &amp; Petty, R. E. (2015). Elaboration and validation processes: Implications for mass media attitude change. <em>Media Psychology, 18</em>, 267–291.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000807D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCF1">Broadbent, D. (1958). <cite>Perception and communication</cite>. Elmsford, NY: Pergamon.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000807F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCF2" data-chaucer-note-id="217856">Brodrick, J., &amp; Mitchell, B. G. (2015). Hallucinogen persisting perception disorder and risk of suicide. <em>Journal of Pharmacy Practice, 29</em>(4), 431–434. Published online before print January 27, 2015, doi: 10.1177/0897190014566314.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008081" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCF3">Brondolo, E., Rieppi, R., Erickson, S. A., Bagiella, E., Shapiro, P. A., McKinley, P., &amp; Sloan, R. P. (2003). Hostility, interpersonal interactions, and ambulatory blood pressure. <cite>Psychosomatic Medicine</cite>, <i>65</i>, 1003–1011.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008083" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCF4">Bronkhorst, A. W. (2000). The cocktail party phenomenon: A review on speech intelligibility in multiple-talker conditions. <cite>Acta Acustica united with Acustica</cite>, <i>86</i>, 117–128. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://eaa-fenestra.org/products/acta-acustica/most-cited/acta_86_2000_Bronkhorst.pdf</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008085" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCF5">Brooks, J. G., &amp; Brooks, M. G. (1993). <cite>In search of understanding: The case for constructivist classrooms</cite>. Alexandria, VA: The Association for Supervision and Curriculum Development.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008087" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCF6">Brouwers, S. A., Van de Vijver, F. J. R., &amp; Van Hemert, D. A. (2009). Variation in Raven’s Progressive Matrices scores across time and place. <em>Learning and Individual Differences, 19</em>(3), 330–338. doi: 10.1016/j.lindif.2008.10.006</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008089" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCF7">Brown, A. S., &amp; Derkits, E. J. (2010). Prenatal infection and schizophrenia: A review of epidemiologic and translational studies. <cite>The American Journal of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>167</i>(3), 261–280. doi: 10.1176/appi.ajp.2009.09030361</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000808B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCF8">Brown, C., Taylor, J., Green, A., Lee, B. E., Thomas, S. B., &amp; Ford, A. (2003). <cite>Managing depression in African Americans: Consumer and provider perspectives</cite>. (Final Report to Funders). Pittsburgh: Mental Health Association of Allegheny County.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000808D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCF9">Brown, C. A., &amp; Jones, A. K. P. (2010). Meditation experience predicts less negative appraisal of pain: Electrophysiological evidence for the involvement of anticipatory neural responses. <cite>Pain</cite>. doi: 10.1016/j.pain.2010.04.017</p></li><li class="biblioentry" epub:type="biblioentry"><p>Brown, G., Lawrence, T. B., &amp; Robinson, S. L. (2005). Territoriality in management organizations. <cite>Academy of Management Review</cite>, <i>30</i>(3), 577–594.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000808F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCFA">Brown, G. L., &amp; Linnoila, M. I. (1990). CSF serotonin metabolite (5–HIAA) studies in depression, impulsivity, and violence. <cite>Journal of Clinical Psychiatry</cite>, <i>51</i>(4), 31–43.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008091" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCFB">Brown, J. (1958). Some tests of the decay theory of immediate memory. <cite>Quarterly Journal of Experimental Psychology</cite>, <i>10</i>, 12–21.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008093" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCFC">Brown, P. K., &amp; Wald, G. (1964). Visual pigments in single rods and cones of the human retina. <em>Science, 144</em>, 45.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008095" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCFD">Brown, R. (1973). <cite>A first language: The early stages</cite>. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008097" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCFE">Brown, R., &amp; McNeill, D. (1966). The “tip of the tongue” phenomenon. <cite>Journal of Verbal Learning &amp; Verbal Behavior</cite>, <i>5</i>(4), 325–337.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008099" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FCFF">Browne, D. (2004). Do dolphins know their own minds? <cite>Biology &amp; Philosophy</cite>, <i>19</i>, 633–653.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000809B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD00">Browne, M. N., &amp; Keeley, S. M. (2009). <cite>Asking the right questions: A guide to critical thinking</cite> (9th ed.). Upper Saddle River, NJ: Pearson Prentice-Hall.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000809D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD01">Broyles, S. (2006). Subliminal advertising and the perpetual popularity of playing to people’s paranoia. <cite>Journal of Consumer Affairs</cite>, <i>40</i>(2), 392–406.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000809F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD02">Brubaker, D. A., &amp; Leddy, J. J. (2003). Behavioral contracting in the treatment of eating disorders. <cite>The Physician and Sportsmedicine</cite>, <i>31</i>(9), 15–26.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080A1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD03">Brunner, E. J., Hemingway, H., Walker, B., Page, M., Clarke, P., Juneja, M., Shipley, M. J., Kumari, M., Andrew, R., Seckl, J. R., Papadopoulos, A., Checkley, S., Rumley, A., Lowe, G. D., Stansfeld, S. A., &amp; Marmot, M. G. (2002). Adrenocortical, autonomic and inflammatory causes of the metabolic syndrome: Nested case-control study. <cite>Circulation</cite>, <i>106</i>, 2659–2665.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080A3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD04">Bryan, E. B., &amp; Hallett, F. (2001). <cite>Guidelines for professionals. Twins and triplets: The first five years and beyond</cite>. London: Multiple Births Foundation.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080A5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD05">Bryan, J., &amp; Freed, F. (1982). Corporal punishment: Normative data and sociological and psychological correlates in a community college population. <cite>Journal of Youth and Adolescence</cite>, <i>11</i>(2), 77–87.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080A7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD06">Bryant, R. A., &amp; McConkey, K. M. (1989). Hypnotic blindness: A behavioral and experimental analysis. <cite>Journal of Abnormal Psychology</cite>, <i>98</i>, 71–77.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080A9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD07">Buccino, G., Binkofski, F., Fink, G. R., Fadiga, L., Fogassi, L., Gallese, V., . . . Freund, H. J. (2001). Action observation activates premotor and parietal areas in a somatotopic manner: An fMRI study. <cite>European Journal of Neuroscience</cite>, <i>13</i>(2), 400–404.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080AB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD08">Buccino, G., Binkofski, F., &amp; Riggio, L. (2004). The mirror neuron system and action recognition. <cite>Brain and Language</cite>, <i>89</i>(2), 370–376.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080AD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD09">Bucher, B. D., &amp; Lovaas, O. I. (1967). Use of aversive stimulation in behavior modification. In M. R. Jones (Ed.), <cite>Miami Symposium on the Prediction of Behavior 1967: Aversive Stimulation</cite>, 77–145. Coral Gables: University of Miami Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080AF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD0A">Buck, L. B., &amp; Bargmann, C. I. (2013). Smell and taste: The chemical senses. In E. R. Kandel, J. H. Schwartz, T. M. Jessell, S. A. Siegelbaum, &amp; A. J. Hudspeth (Eds.), <cite>Principles of neural science</cite> (5th ed., pp. 712–735). New York: McGraw-Hill.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080B1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD0B">Buck, R. (1980). Nonverbal behavior and the theory of emotion: The facial feedback hypothesis. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>38</i>, 811–824.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080B3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD0C">Buckels, E. E., Trapnell, P. D., &amp; Paulhus, D. L. (2014). Trolls just want to have fun. <em>Personality and Individual Differences, 67</em>, 97–102.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080B5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD0D">Bugaiska, A., Clarys, D., Jarry, C., Taconnat, L., Tapia, G., Vanneste, S., &amp; Isingring, M. (2007). The effect of aging in recollective experience: The processing speed and executive functioning hypothesis. <em>Consciousness and Cognition, 16</em>(4), 797–808.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080B7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD0E">Buhle, J. T., Silvers, J. A., Wager, T. D., Lopez, R., Onyemekwu, C., Kober, H., Weber, J., &amp; Ochsner, K. N. (2014). Cognitive reappraisal of emotion: A meta-analysis of human neuroimaging studies. <cite>Cerebral Cortex</cite>, <i>24</i>(11), 2981–2993.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080B9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD0F">Bullock, T. H., Bennett, M. V., Johnston, D., Josephson, R., Marder, E., &amp; Fields, R. D. (2005). Neuroscience. The neuron doctrine, redux. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>310</i>(5749), 791–793.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080BB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD10">Burger, J. M. (1997). <em>The psychoanalytic approach: Neo-Freudian theory, application, and assessment. </em><cite>Personality</cite> (4th ed.). Pacific Grove, CA: Brooks/Cole.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080BD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD11">Burger, J. M. (1999). The foot-in-the-door compliance procedure: A multiple-process analysis and review. <cite>Personality and Social Psychology Review</cite>, <i>3</i>(4), 303–325. doi: 10.1207/s15327957pspr0304_2</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080BF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD12">Burger, J. M. (2009). Replicating Milgram: Would people still obey today? <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>64</i>(1), 1–11. doi: 10.1037/a0010932</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080C1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD13">Burger, J. M., Girgis, Z. M., &amp; Manning, C. C. (2011). In their own words: Explaining obedience to authority through an examination of participants’ comments. <cite>Social Psychological and Personality Science</cite>, <i>2</i>, 460–466. doi: 10.1177/1948550610397632</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080C3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD14">Burger, J. M., &amp; Petty, R. E. (1981). The low-ball compliance technique: Task or person commitment? <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>40</i>, 492–500.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080C5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD15">Burgio, K. L. (1998). Behavioral vs. drug treatment for urge urinary incontinence in older women: A randomized controlled trial. <cite>Journal of the American Medical Association</cite>, <i>280</i>, 1995–2000.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080C7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD16">Burguière, E., Monteiro, P., Guoping, F., &amp; Graybiel, A. M. (2013). Optogenetic stimulation of lateral orbitofronto-striatal pathway suppresses compulsive behaviors. <em>Science, 340</em>(6137), 1243–1246. doi: 10.1126/science.1232380</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080C9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD17">Burke, D. M., MacKay, D. G., Worthley, J. S., &amp; Wade, E. (1991). On the tip of the tongue: What causes word finding failures in young and older adults. <cite>Journal of Memory and Language</cite>, <i>30</i>, 542–579.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080CB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD18">Burks, N., &amp; Martin, B. (1985). Everyday problems and life change events: Ongoing versus acute sources of stress. <cite>Journal of Human Stress</cite>, <i>11</i>, 27–35.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080CD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD19">Burns, J. F. (2010, May 24). British medical council bars doctor who linked vaccine with autism. <cite>New York Times</cite>.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080CF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD1A">Bush, G., Frazier, J. A., Rauch, S. L., Seidman, L. J., Whalen, P. J., Jenike, M. A., Rosen, B. R., &amp; Biederman, J. (1999). Anterior cingulate cortex dysfunction in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder revealed by fMRI and the Counting Stroop. <cite>Biological Psychiatry</cite>, <i>45</i>(12), 1542–1552.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080D1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD1B">Bush, G., Spencer, T. J., Holmes, J., Shin, L. M., Valera, E. M., Seidman, L. J., &amp; Biederman, J. (2008). Functional magnetic resonance imaging of methylphenidate and placebo in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder during the Multi-Source Interference Task. <cite>Archives of General Psychiatry</cite>, <i>65</i>(1), 102–114.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080D3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD1C">Bushey, D., Tononi, G., &amp; Cirelli, C. (2011). Sleep and synaptic homeostasis: Structural evidence in Drosophila. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>332</i>(6037): 1576–1581.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080D5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD1D">Bushman, B. J. (1997). Effects of alcohol on human aggression: Validity of proposed explanations. In M. Galanter (Ed.), <em>Recent developments in alcoholism. Vol. 1: Alcohol and violence–Epidemiology, neurobiology, psychology, family issues</em> (pp. 227–243). New York: Plenum Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080D7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD1E">Bushman, B. J., &amp; Huesmann, L. R. (2001). Effects of televised violence on aggression. In D. G. Singer &amp; J. L. Singer (Eds.), <cite>Handbook of children and the media</cite> (Ch. 11, pp. 223–254). Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080D9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD1F">Bushman, B. J., &amp; Huesman, L. R. (2006). Short-term and long-term effects of violent media on aggression in children and adults. <em>Archives of Pediatrics &amp; Adolescent Medicine, 160</em>, 348–352. doi: 10.1001/archpedi.160.4.348</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080DB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD20">Bushman, B. J., Newman, K., Calvert, S. L., Downey, G., Dredze, M., Gottfredson, M., . . . Webster, D. W. (2016). Youth violence: What we know and what we need to know. <em>American Psychologist, 71</em>(1), 17–39. doi: 10.1037/a0039687</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080DD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD21">Buss, D. M. (1989). Sex differences in human mate preferences: Evolutionary hypotheses testing in 37 cultures. <cite>Behavioral and Brain Sciences</cite>, <i>12</i>, 1–49.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080DF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD22">Buss, D. M. (2007). The evolution of human mating. <cite>Acta Psychologica Sinica</cite>, <i>39</i>(3), 502–512.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080E1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD23">Buss, D. M. (2009a). How can evolutionary psychology successfully explain personality and individual differences? <cite>Perspectives on Psychological Science</cite>, <i>4</i>(4), 359–366. doi: 10.1111/j.1745–6924.2009.01138.x</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080E3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD24">Buss, D. M. (2009b). The multiple adaptive problems solved by human aggression. <cite>Behavioral and Brain Sciences</cite>, <i>32</i>, 271–272.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080E5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD25">Buss, D. M. (2011). Personality and the adaptive landscape: The role of individual differences in creating and solving social adaptive problems. In D. M. Buss &amp; P. H. Hawley (Eds.), <cite>The evolution of personality and individual differences</cite>. New York: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080E7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD26">Buss, D. M., Larsen, R. J., Westen, D., &amp; Semmelroth, J. (1992). Sex differences in jealousy: Evolution, physiology, and psychology. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>3</i>, 251–255.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080E9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD27">Buss, D., &amp; Schmitt, D. (1993). Sexual strategies theory: An evolutionary perspective on human mating. <cite>Psychological Review</cite>, <i>100</i>(2), 204–232. doi: 10.1037/0033–295X.100.2.204</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080EB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD28">Buss, D., &amp; Schmitt, D. (2011). Evolutionary psychology and feminism. <cite>Sex Roles</cite>, <i>64</i>(9–10), 768–787. doi: 10.1007/s11199–011-9987–3</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080ED" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD29">Bussa, B., &amp; Kaufman, C. (2000). What can self-help do? <cite>The Journal of the California Alliance of the Mentally Ill</cite>, <i>2</i>(2), 34–45.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080EF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD2A">Bussey, K., &amp; Bandura, A. (1999). Social cognitive theory of gender development and differentiation. <cite>Psychological Review</cite>, <i>106</i>(4), 676–713.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080F1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD2B">Butcher, J. N., Graham, J. R., Ben-Poarth, Y. S., Tellegen, A., Dahlstrom, W. G., &amp; Kaemmer, B. (2001). <cite>Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory-2. Manual for administration, scoring, and interpretation</cite> (Rev. ed.). Minneapolis, MN: University of Minnesota Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080F3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD2C">Butcher, J. N., &amp; Rouse, S. V. (1996). Personality: Individual differences and clinical assessment. <cite>Annual Review of Psychology</cite>, <i>47</i>, 87–111.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080F5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD2D">Butcher, J. N., Rouse, S. V., &amp; Perry, J. N. (2000). Empirical description of psychopathology in therapy clients: Correlates of MMPI-2 scales. In J. N. Butcher (Ed.), <cite>Basic sources on the MMPI-2</cite> (pp. 487–500). Minneapolis, MN: University of Minnesota Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080F7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD2E">Cabeza, R., Anderson, N. D., Locantore, J. K. &amp; McIntosh, A. R. (2002). Aging gracefully: Compensatory brain activity in high-performing older adults. <cite>NeuroImage</cite>, <i>17</i>(3), 1394–1402.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080F9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD2F">Cabeza, R., &amp; Nyberg, L. (2000). Imaging cognition II: An empirical review of 275 PET and fMRI studies. <cite>Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience</cite>, <i>12</i>(1), 1–47.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080FB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD30">Cacioppo, J. T. (2013). Psychological science in the 21st century. <em>Teaching of Psychology, 40</em>, 304–309.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080FD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD31">Cacioppo, J. T., &amp; Berntson, G. G. (1992). Social psychological contributions to the decade of the brain: Doctrine of multilevel analysis. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>47</i>, 1019–1028.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000080FF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD32">Cain, D., &amp; Seeman, J. (Eds.). (2001). <cite>Humanistic psychotherapies: Handbook of research and practice</cite>. Washington, DC: APA Publications.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008101" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD33">Cajal, S. R. y. (1995). <cite>Histology of the nervous system of man and vertebrates</cite> (translated from the French by Neely Swanson and Larry W. Swanson ed.). New York, NY: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008103" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD34">Caldji, C., Tannenbaum, B., Sharma, S., Francis, D., Plotsky, P. M., &amp; Meaney, M. J. (1998). Maternal care during infancy regulates the development of neural systems mediating the expression of fearfulness in the rat. <em>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America, 95</em>, 5335–5340.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008105" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD35">Caley, L. M., Kramer, C., &amp; Robinson, L. K. (2005). Fetal alcohol spectrum disorder. <cite>The Journal of School Nursing</cite>, <i>21</i>(3), 139–146.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008107" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD36">Califia, P. (1997). <cite>Sex changes: The politics of transgenderism</cite>. San Francisco: Cleis Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008109" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD37">Calvo, E. Haverstick, K. &amp; Sass, S. A. (2009). Gradual retirement, sense of control, and retirees’ happiness. <cite>Research on Aging</cite>, <i>31</i>, 112–135.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000810B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD38">Calvo, N., Garcia, A. M., Manoiloff, L., &amp; Ibanez, A. (2015). Bilingualism and cognitive reserve: A critical overview and a plea for methodological innovations. <em>Frontiers in Aging Neuroscience, 7</em>, 1–17. doi: 10.3389/fnagi.2015.00249</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000810D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD39">Camacho, E. M., Verstappen, S. M., Chipping, J., &amp; Symmons, D. P. (2013). Learned helplessness predicts functional disability, pain and fatigue in patients with recent-onset inflammatory polyarthritis. <cite style="font-style: normal;"><em>Rheumatology (Oxford), 52</em>(7), 1233–1238</cite>. doi: 10.1093/rheumatology/kes434</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000810F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD3A">Cameron, J., Banko, K. M., &amp; Pierce, W. D. (2001). Pervasive negative effects of rewards on intrinsic motivation: The myth continues. <cite>The Behavior Analyst</cite>, <i>24</i>, 1–44.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008111" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD3B">Cameron, J. A., Alvarez, J. M., Ruble, D. N., &amp; Fuligni, A. J. (2001). Children’s lay theories about ingroups and outgroups: Reconceptualizing research on prejudice. <cite>Personality and Social Psychology Review</cite>, <i>5</i>, 118–128.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008113" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD3C">Cami, J., Farre, M., Mas, M., Roset, P. N., Poudevida, S., Mas, A., San, L., &amp; de la Torre, R. (2000). Human pharmacology of 3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine (“ecstasy”): Psychomotor performance and subjective effects. <cite>Journal of Clinical Psychopharmacology</cite>, <i>20</i>, 455–466.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008115" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD3D">Campbell, A. (2015). 80 children get chicken pox at school with low vaccination rate. Huffpost Healthy Living, 12/10/2015. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/chicken-pox-low-vaccination-outbreak_5669d5d4e4b0f290e5227559</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008117" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD3E">Campbell, J. C., &amp; Wolf, A. D. (2003). Risk factors for femicide in abusive relationships: Results from a multisite case control study. <cite>American Journal of Public Health</cite>, <i>93</i>(7).</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008119" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD3F">Campbell, L. F., Norcross, J. C., Vasquez, M. J. T., &amp; Kaslow, N. J. (2013). Recognition of psychotherapy effectiveness: <em>The APA resolution. Psychotherapy, 50</em>(1), 98–101. doi: 10.1037/a0031817</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000811B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD40">Cannon, W. B. (1927). The James-Lange theory of emotion: A critical examination and an alternative theory. <cite>American Journal of Psychology</cite>, <i>39</i>, 10–124.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000811D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD41">Cannon, W. B., &amp; Washburn, A. L. (1912). An explanation of hunger. <cite>American Journal of Physiology</cite>, <i>29</i>, 444–454.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000811F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD42">Cao-Lei, L., Massart, R., Suderman, M. J., Machnes, Z., Elgbeili, G., Laplante, D. P., &amp; King, S. (2014). DNA methylation signatures triggered by prenatal maternal stress exposure to a natural disaster: Project Ice Storm. <em>PLoS ONE, 9</em>, e107653.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008121" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD43">Cardinali, D. P., Scacchi Bernasconi, P. A., Reynoso, R., Reyes Toso, C. F., &amp; Scacchi, P. (2013). Melatonin may curtail the metabolic syndrome: Studies on initial and fully established fructose-induced metabolic syndrome in rats. <cite>International Journal of Molecular Sciences</cite>, <i>14</i>(2): 2502–2514.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008123" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD44">Cardno, A. G., &amp; Gottesman, I. I. (2000). Twin studies of schizophrenia: From bow-and-arrow concordances to Star Wars Mx and functional genomics. <cite>American Journal of Medical Genetics</cite>, <i>97</i>(1), 12–17. doi: 10.1002/(SICI)1096–8628(200021)97:1&lt;12::AID-AJMG3&gt;3.0.CO;2-U [pii]</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008125" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD45">Carducci, B. (1998). <cite>The psychology of personality</cite>. Pacific Grove, CA: Brooks/Cole Publishing Co.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008127" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD46">Carey, B. (2009, December 21). Building a search engine of the brain, slice by slice. <cite>New York Times</cite>. Retrieved June 10, 2010, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.nytimes.com/2009/12/22/health/22brain.html?ref=henry_gustav_molaison</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008129" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD47">Carlsen, A. (2013, March 18). Some people really can taste the rainbow [Web log post]. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.npr.org/blogs/thesalt/2013/03/12/174132392/synesthetes-really-can-taste-the-rainbow</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000812B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD48">Carlson, G. A., Jensen, P. S., &amp; Nottelmann, E. D. (Eds.). (1998). Current issues in childhood bipolarity [Special issue]. <cite>Journal of Affective Disorders</cite>, <i style="font-style: normal;"><em>51, </em>1–5</i>.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000812D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD49">Carnot, M. J., Dunn, B., Cañas, A. J., Graham, P. &amp; Muldoon, J. (2001). Concept Maps vs. Web Pages for Information Searching and Browsing. Manuscript in preparation. Institute for Human and Machine Cognition.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000812F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD4A">Carpenter, P. A., Just, M. A., &amp; Shell, P. (1990). What one intelligence test measures: A theoretical account of the processing in the Raven Progressive Matrices test. <cite>Psychological Review</cite>, <i>97</i>(3), 404–431.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008131" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD4B">Carr, E. G., &amp; Lovaas, O. I. (1983). Contingent electric shock as a treatment for severe behavior problems. In S. Axelrod &amp; J. Apsche (Eds.), <cite>The effects of punishment on human behavior</cite> (pp. 221–245). New York: Academic Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008133" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD4C">Carrion, V. G., Weems, C. F., &amp; Reiss, A. L. (2007). Stress predicts brain changes in children: A pilot longitudinal study on youth stress, posttraumatic stress disorder, and the hippocampus. <cite>Pediatrics</cite>, <i>119</i>(3), 509–516.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008135" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD4D">Carruthers, M. (2001). A multifactorial approach to understanding andropause. <cite>Journal of Sexual and Reproductive Medicine</cite>, <i>1</i>, 69–74.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008137" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD4E">Carskadon, M. A., &amp; Dement, W. C. (2005). Normal human sleep overview. In M. H. Kryger, T. Roth, &amp; W. C. Dement (Eds.), <cite>Principles and practice of sleep medicine</cite> (4th ed., pp. 13–23). Philadelphia: Elsevier/Saunders.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008139" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD4F">Carskadon, M. A., &amp; Dement, W. C. (2011). Normal human sleep: An overview. In M. H. Kryger, T. Roth, &amp; W. C. Dement (Eds.), <cite style="font-style: normal;"><em>Principles and practice of sleep medicine, </em>pp. 16–26</cite>. St. Louis, MO: Elsevier Saunders.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000813B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD50">Carson, R. C. (1969). <cite>Interaction concepts of personality</cite>. Chicago: Aldine.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000813D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD51">Carter, C., Bishop, J., &amp; Kravits, S. L. (2005). <cite>Keys to success: Building successful intelligence for college, career, and life</cite> (5th ed.). Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Prentice Hall.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000813F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD52">Carter, R. M., Bowling, D. L., Reeck, C., &amp; Huettel, S. (2012). A distinct role of the temporal-parietal junction in predicting socially guided decisions. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>337</i>(6090), 109–111.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008141" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD53">Carver, C. S., &amp; Antoni, M. H. (2004). Finding benefit in breast cancer during the year after diagnosis predicts better adjustment 5 to 8 years after diagnosis. <cite>Health Psychology</cite>, <i>26</i>, 595–598.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008143" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD54">Carver, L. J., &amp; Bauer, P. J. (2001). The dawning of a past: The emergence of long-term explicit memory in infancy. <cite>Journal of Experimental Psychology: General</cite>, <i>130</i>, 726–745.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008145" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD55">Case, B. G., Bertollo, D. N., Laska, E. M., Price, L. H., Siegel, C. E., Olfson, M., &amp; Marcus, S. C. (2013). Declining use of electroconvulsive therapy in United States general hospitals. <cite>Biological Psychiatry</cite>, <i>73</i>(2), 119–126. doi: 10.1016/j.biopsych.2012.09.005</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008147" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD56">Case, B. G., Bertollo, D. N., Laska, E. M., Siegel, C. E., Wanderling, J. A., &amp; Olfson, M. (2012). Racial differences in the availability and use of electroconvulsive therapy for recurrent major depression. <cite>Journal of Affective Disorders</cite>, <i>136</i>(3), 359–365. doi: 10.1016/j.jad.2011.11.026</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008149" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD57">Case, S. S., &amp; Oetama-Paul, A. J. (2015). Brain biology and gendered discourse. <cite>Applied Psychology: An International Review</cite>, <i>64</i>, 338–378. doi: 10.1111/apps.12040</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000814B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD58">Cassidy, A., Bingham, S., &amp; Setchell, K. D. R. (1994). Biological effects of a diet of soy protein rich in isoflavones on the menstrual cycle of premenopausal women. <cite>American Journal of Clinical Nutrition</cite>, <i>60</i>, 333–340.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000814D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD59">Castillo, R. J. (1997). Eating disorders. In R. J. Castillo (Ed.), <cite>Culture and mental illness: A client-centered approach</cite> (p. 152). Pacific Grove, CA: Brooks/Cole.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000814F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD5A">Catanzaro, S. J., Wasch, H. H., Kirsch, I., &amp; Mearns, J. (2000). Coping-related expectancies and dispositions as prospective predictors of coping responses and symptoms: Distinguishing mood regulation expectancies, dispositional coping, and optimism. <cite>Journal of Personality</cite>, <i>68</i>, 757–788.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008151" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD5B">Cattell, R. B. (1950). <cite>Personality: A systematic, theoretical, and factual study</cite>. New York: McGraw-Hill.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008153" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD5C">Cattell, R. B. (Ed.). (1966). <cite>Handbook of multivariate experimental psychology</cite>. Chicago: Rand McNally.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008155" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD5D">Cattell, R. B. (1973). <cite>Personality and mood by questionnaire</cite>. San Francisco: Jossey-Bass.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008157" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD5E">Cattell, R. B. (1990). Advances in Cattellian personality theory. In L. A. Pervin (Ed.), <cite>Handbook of personality: Theory and research</cite> (pp. 101–110). New York: Guilford.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008159" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD5F">Cattell, R. B. (1994). <cite>Sixteen Personality Factor Questionnaire</cite> (5th ed.). Champaign, IL: Institute for Personality and Ability Testing, Inc.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000815B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD60">Cattell, R. B. (1995). Personality structure and the new fifth edition of the 16PF. <cite>Educational &amp; Psychological Measurement</cite>, <i>55</i>(6), 926–937.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000815D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD61">Cattell, R. B., &amp; Kline, P. (1977). <cite>The scientific analysis of personality and motivation</cite>. New York: Academic Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000815F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD62">Cavanaugh, A. M., &amp; Buehler, C. (2016). Adolescent loneliness and social anxiety: The role of multiple sources of support. <em>Journal of Social and Personal Relationships, 33</em>(2), 149–170.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008161" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD63">Cave, K. R., &amp; Kim, M. (1999). Top-down and bottom-up attentional control: On the nature of interference from a salient distractor. <cite>Perception &amp; Psychophysics</cite>, <i>61</i>, 1009–1023.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008163" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD64">Center for Behavioral Health Statistics and Quality. (2015). Behavioral health trends in the United States: Results from the 2014 National Survey on Drug Use and Health: (HHS Publication No. SMA 15–4927, NSDUH Series H-50). Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.samhsa.gov/data/</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008165" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD65">Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. (2004). Cigarette smoking among adults United States, 2002. <em>Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report, 53</em>(20), 427–431.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008167" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD66">Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). (2004). <cite>Parents’ guide to childhood immunization</cite>. Atlanta, GA: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Public Health Service.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008169" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD67">Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). (2009). Down syndrome. Retrieved June 19, 2010, from <span class="url-obsolete">www.cdc.gov/ncbddd/birthdefects/DownSyndrome.htmCenters</span> for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). (2010). How tobacco smoke causes disease: The biology and behavioral basis for smoking-attributable disease: A report of the Surgeon General. Retrieved from the Internet March 27, 2013, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.cdc.gov/tobacco/data_statistics/sgr/<wbr/>2010/index.htm</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000816B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD68">Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). (2010a). HIV transmission. Divisions of HIV/AIDS Prevention. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.cdc.gov/hiv/resources/qa/transmission.htm</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000816D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD69">Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). (2011). FastStats: Alcohol use. Retrieved from the Internet March 27, 2013, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/fastats/alcohol.htm</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000816F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD6A">Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). (2011). Vaccines &amp; immunizations: Some common misconceptions. Retrieved April 26, 2013, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.cdc.gov/vaccines/vac-gen/6mishome.htm</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008171" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD6B">Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). (2013a). <em>Leading causes of death in males United States</em>. Atlanta, GA: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Public Health Service.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008173" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD6C">Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). (2013a). HIV basics: HIV transmission. Divisions of HIV/AIDS Prevention. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.cdc.gov/hiv/basics/transmission.html</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008175" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD6D">Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). (2013b). <em>Leading causes of death in females United States</em>. Atlanta, GA: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Public Health Service.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008177" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD6E">Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). (2013b, February). <cite>HIV Surveillance Report</cite>, <i>2011</i>. Divisions of HIV/AIDS Prevention, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.cdc.gov/hiv/library/reports/surveillance/index.html</span>.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008179" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD6F">Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). (2014). <em>HIV Surveillance Report, 2014</em> <em>(Vol. 26)</em>. National Center for Chronic Disease Prevention and Health Promotion. Atlanta, Georgia. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.cdc.gov/hiv/library/reports/surveillance/</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000817B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD70">Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). (2015). HIV basics: HIV transmission. Divisions of HIV/AIDS Prevention. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.cdc.gov/hiv/basics/transmission.html</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000817D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD71">Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). (2015). HPV vaccines: Vaccinating your preteen or teen. National Center for Preparedness, Detection, and Control of Infectious Diseases. U.S. Department of Health &amp; Human Services. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.cdc.gov/hpv/parents/vaccine.html</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000817F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD72">Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. (2015). <cite>Suicide: Facts at a glance</cite>. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.cdc.gov/violenceprevention/pdf/suicide-datasheet-a.pdf</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008181" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD73">Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). (2015a). Fact sheets: Alcohol use and your health. Atlanta, GA: CDC. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.cdc.gov/alcohol/fact-sheets/alcohol-use.htm</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008183" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD74">Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). (2015b). Smoking &amp; tobacco use: Current cigarette smoking among adults in the United States. Office on Smoking and Health, National Center for Chronic Disease Prevention and Health Promotion. Atlanta, GA, CDC. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.cdc.gov/tobacco/data_statistics/fact_sheets/adult_data/cig_smoking/<wbr/>index.htm#national</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008185" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD75">Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). (2015c). <em>Vital signs: Today’s heroin epidemic</em>. Atlanta, GA: CDC. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.cdc.gov/vitalsigns/heroin/</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008187" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD76">Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. (2015d). Injury prevention &amp; control: Motor vehicle safety: Distracted driving. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.cdc.gov/motorvehiclesafety/distracted_driving/</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008189" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD77">Centerwall, B. S. (1989). Exposure to television as a risk factor for violence. <cite>American Journal of Epidemiology</cite>, <i>129</i>, 643–652.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000818B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD78">Cepeda, N. J., Pashler, H., Vul, E., Wixted, J. T., &amp; Rohrer, D. (2006). Distributed practice in verbal recall tasks: A review and quantitative synthesis. <cite>Psychological Bulletin</cite>, <i>132</i>, 354–380.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000818D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD79">Cermak, L., &amp; Craik, F. (1979). <cite>Levels of processing in human memory</cite>. Hillsdale, NJ: Erlbaum.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000818F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD7A">Cha, J. H., &amp; Nam, K. D. (1985). A test of Kelley’s cube theory of attribution: A cross-cultural replication of McArthur’s study. <cite>Korean Social Science Journal</cite>, <i>12</i>, 151–180.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008191" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD7B">Chaddock, L., Hillman, C. H., Buck, S. M., &amp; Cohen, N. J. (2010). Aerobic fitness and executive control of relational memory in preadolescent children. <cite>Medicine and Science in Sports and Exercise</cite>. doi: 10.1249/MSS.0b013e3181e9af48</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008193" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD7C">Chahua, M., Sanchez-Niubo, A., Torrens, M., Sordo, L., Bravo, M. J., Brugal, M. T., &amp; Domingo-Salvany, A. (2015). Quality of life in a community sample of young cocaine and/or heroin users: The role of mental disorders. <em>Quality of Life Research: An International Journal of Quality of Life Aspects of Treatment, Care, and Rehabilitation, 24</em>(9), 2129–2137.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008195" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD7D">Chan, C. J., Smyth, M. J., &amp; Martinet, L. (2014). Molecular mechanisms of natural killer cell activation in response to cellular stress. <em>Cell Death and Differentiation, 21</em>, 5–14.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008197" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD7E">Chandola, T., Britton, A., Brunner, E., Hemingway, H., Malik, M., Kumari, M., Badrick, E., Kivimaki, M., &amp; Marmot, M. (2008). Work stress and coronary heart disease: What are the mechanisms? <cite>European Heart Journal</cite>. doi:10.1093/eurheartj/ehm584</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008199" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD7F">Chandola, T., Brunner, E., &amp; Marmot, M. (2006). Chronic stress at work and the metabolic syndrome: Prospective study. <em>British Medical Journal, 332</em>, 521–525.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000819B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD80">Chang, A.-M., Aeschbach, D., Duffy, J. F., &amp; Czeisler, C. A. (2015). Evening use of light-emitting eReaders negatively affects sleep, circadian timing, and next-morning alertness. <em>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America, 112</em>(4), 1232–1237.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000819D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD81">Chang, E. (2004). As Los Angeles burned, Korean America was born: Community in the twenty-first century. <em>Amerasia Journal, 30</em>(1), vii–ix.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000819F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD82">Chang, P. P., Ford, D. E., Meoni, L. A., Wang, N., &amp; Klag, M. J. (2002). Anger in young men and subsequent premature cardiovascular disease: The precursors study. <cite>Archives of Internal Medicine</cite>, <i>162</i>, 901–906.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081A1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD83">Chang, S. W., Gariépy, J. F., &amp; Platt, M. L. (2013). Neuronal reference frames for social decisions in primate frontal cortex. <cite>Nature Neuroscience</cite>, <i>16</i>, 243–250.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081A3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD84">Charlesworth, W. R., &amp; Kreutzer, M. A. (1973). Facial expression of infants and children. In P. Ekman (Ed.), <cite>Darwin and facial expression: A century of research in review</cite>. New York: Academic.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081A5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD85">Chee, M. W. L., &amp; Choo, W. C. (2004, April 24–May 1). Functional imaging of working memory following 24 hours of total sleep deprivation. <cite>Program and abstracts of the 56th Annual Meeting of the American Academy of Neurology</cite>. San Francisco.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081A7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD86">Chein, J., Albert, D., O’Brien, L., Uckert, K., &amp; Steinberg, L. (2011). Peers increase adolescent risk taking by enhancing activity in the brain’s reward circuitry. <cite>Developmental Science</cite>, <i>14</i>, F1–F10.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081A9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD87">Chen, J. Y. (2007). Do Chinese and English speakers think about time differently? Failure of replicating Boroditsky (2001). <cite>Cognition</cite>, <i>104</i>(2), 427–436.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081AB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD88">Chen, L. Y., Rex, C. S., Sanaiha, Y., Lynch, G., &amp; Gall, C. M. (2010). Learning induces neurotrophin signaling at hippocampal synapses. <cite>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, USA</cite> <i>107</i>(15), 7030–7035.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081AD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD89">Chen, R., &amp; Ende, N. (2000). The potential for the use of mononuclear cells from human umbilical cord blood in the treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis in SOD1 mice. <cite>Journal of Medicine</cite>, <i>31</i>, 21–31.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081AF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD8A">Chen, V. H. H., &amp; Wu, Y. (2013). Group identification as a mediator of the effect of players’ anonymity on cheating in online games. <em>Behaviour &amp; Information Technology, 34</em>(7), 658–667. doi: 10.1080/0144929X.2013.843721</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081B1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD8B">Chen, Y., Huang, X., Zhang, Y.-W., Rockenstein, E., Bu, G., Golde, T. E., Masliah, E., &amp; Xu, H. (2012). Alzheimer’s β-Secretase (BACE1) regulates the cAMP/PKA/CREB pathway independently of β-Amyloid. <cite>Journal of Neuroscience</cite>, <i>32</i>(33), 11390. doi: 10.1523/JNEUROSCI.0757–12.2012</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081B3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD8C">Cheng, C., Lau, H.-P. B., &amp; Chan, M.-P. S. (2014). Coping flexibility and psychological adjustment of stressful life changes: A meta-analytic review. <cite>Psychological Bulletin</cite>, <i>140</i>(6), 1582–1307.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081B5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD8D">Cherry, E. C. (1953). Some experiments on the recognition of speech, with one and with two ears. <cite>Journal of the Acoustical Society of America</cite>, <i>25</i>(5), 975–979.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081B7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD8E">Cheryan, S., Plaut, V., Davis, P., &amp; Steele, C. (2009). Ambient belonging: How stereotypical cues impact gender participation in computer science. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>97</i>(6), 1045–1060.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081B9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD8F">Cheryan, S., Plaut, V. C., Handron, C., &amp; Hudson, L. (2013). The stereotypical computer scientist: Gendered media representations as a barrier to inclusion for women. <em>Sex Roles: A Journal of Research, 69</em>, 58–71.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081BB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD90">Cheryan, S., Siy, J. O., Vichayapai, M., Drury, B. J., &amp; Kim, S. (2011). Do female and male role models who embody STEM stereotypes hinder women’s anticipated success in STEM? <em>Social Psychological and Personality Science, 2</em>, 656–664.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081BD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD91">Chess, S., &amp; Shaw, A. (2015). A conspiracy of fishes, or, How we learned to stop worrying about #GamerGate and embrace hegemonic masculinity. <em>Journal of Broadcasting &amp; Electronic Media, 59</em>(1), 208–220.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081BF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD92">Chess, S., &amp; Thomas, A. (1986). <cite>Temperament in clinical practice</cite>. New York: Guilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081C1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD93">Chesterton, L. S., Barlas, P., Foster, N. E., Baxter, G. D., &amp; Wright, C. C. (2003). Gender differences in pressure pain threshold in healthy humans. <cite>Pain</cite>, <i>101</i>, 259–266.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081C3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD94">Cheyne, J. A. (2003). Sleep paralysis and the structure of waking-nightmare hallucinations. <cite>Dreaming</cite>, <i>13</i>(3), 163–179.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081C5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD95">Chidester, D. (2003). <cite>Salvation and suicide: Jim Jones, the Peoples Temple, and Jonestown</cite> (Rev. ed.). Bloomington, IN: Indiana University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081C7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD96">Chinn, A. B. &amp; Trujillo, K. A. (1996). Drugs and the brain: A World Wide Web tutorial in neuropsychopharmacology. <cite>Society for Neuroscience Abstracts</cite>, <i>22</i>, 246.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081C9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD97">Chirkov, V. I. (2009). A cross-cultural analysis of autonomy in education: A self-determination theory perspective. <cite>Theory and Research in Education</cite>, <i>7</i>(2), 253–262.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081CB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD98">Chirkov, V. I., Lebedeva, N. M., Molodtsova, I., &amp; Tatarko, A. (2011). Social capital, motivational autonomy, and health behavior: A comparative study of Canadian and Russian youth. In D. Chadee &amp; A. Kosti (Eds.), <cite>Social psychological dynamics</cite> (pp. 211–241). Trinidad: University of West Indies Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081CD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD99">Chiu, C., Hong, Y., &amp; Dweck, C. S. (1997). Lay dispositionism and implicit theories of personality. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>73</i>, 19–30.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081CF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD9A">Choca, J. P. (2013). <cite>The Rorschach inkblot test: An interpretive guide for clinicians</cite>. Washington, DC, US: American Psychological Association.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081D1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD9B">Choi, I., &amp; Nisbett, R. E. (1998). Situational salience and cultural differences in the correspondence bias and in the actor–observer bias. <cite>Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</cite>, <i>24</i>, 949–960.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081D3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD9C">Choi, I., Nisbett, R. E., &amp; Norenzayan, A. (1999). Causal attribution across cultures: Variation and universality. <cite>Psychological Bulletin</cite>, <i>125</i>, 47–63.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081D5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD9D">Chomsky, N. (1957). <cite>Syntactic structures</cite>. The Hague: Mouton.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081D7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD9E">Chomsky, N. (1964). <cite>Current issues in linguistic theory</cite>. The Hague: Mouton.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081D9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FD9F">Chomsky, N. (1981). Principles and parameters in syntactic theory. In N. Hornstein &amp; D. Lightfoot (Eds.), <cite style="font-style: normal;"><em>Explanation in linguistics: The logical problem of language acquisition, </em>32–75</cite>. London: Longman.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081DB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDA0">Chomsky, N. (1986). <cite>Knowledge of language: Its nature, origin and use</cite>. New York: Praeger.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081DD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDA1">Chomsky, N. (2006). <cite>Language and mind</cite> (3rd ed.). New York: Cambridge University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081DF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDA2">Chomsky, N., Belletti, A., &amp; Rizzi, L. (2002). <cite>On nature and language</cite>. New York: Cambridge University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081E1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDA3">Chorpita, B. F., Daleiden, E. L., Ebesutani, C., Young, J., Becker, K. D., Nakamura, B. J., . . . Starace, N. (2011). Evidence-based treatments for children and adolescents: An updated review of indicators of efficacy and effectiveness. <em>Clinical Psychology Science and Practice, 18</em>, 154–172. doi: 10.1111/j.1468–2850.2011.01247.x</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081E3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDA4">Chou, S. Y., Grossman, M., &amp; Saffer, H. (2004). An economic analysis of adult obesity: Results from the behavioral risk factor surveillance system. <cite>Journal of Health Economics</cite>, <i>23</i>, 565–587.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081E5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDA5">Christensen, A., Jacobson, N. S., &amp; Babcock, J. C. (1995). Integrative behavioral couple therapy. In N. S. Jacobson &amp; A. S. Gurman (Eds.), <cite>Clinical handbook of couple therapy</cite> (pp. 31–64). New York: Norton.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081E7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDA6">Christensen, A. J., &amp; Nezu, A. M. (2013). Behavioral medicine and clinical health psychology: Introduction to the special issue. Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology, 81(2), 193–195.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081E9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDA7">Chu, J. A., Frey, L. M., Ganzel, B. L., &amp; Matthews, J. A. (1999). Memories of childhood abuse: Dissociation, amnesia, and corroboration. <cite>American Journal of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>156</i>, 749–755.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081EB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDA8">Chwalisz, K., Diener, E., &amp; Gallagher, D. (1988). Autonomic arousal feedback and emotional experience: Evidence from the spinal cord injured. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>54</i>, 820–828.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081ED" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDA9">Cialdini, R. B., &amp; Goldstein, N. J. (2004). Social influence: Compliance and conformity. <cite>Annual Review of Psychology</cite>, <i>55</i>, 591–621. doi: 10.1146/annurev.psych.55.090902.142015</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081EF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDAA">Cialdini, R. B., Trost, M. R., &amp; Newsom, J. T. (1995). Preference for consistency: The development of a valid measure and the discovery of surprising behavioral implications. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>69</i>, 318–328.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081F1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDAB">Cialdini, R., Vincent, J., Lewis, S., Catalan, J., Wheeler, D., &amp; Darby, B. (1975). Reciprocal concessions procedure for inducing compliance: The door–in–the–face technique. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>31</i>, 206–215.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081F3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDAC">Cialdini, R., Wosinska, W., Barrett, D., Butner, J., &amp; Gornik–Durose, M. (1999). Compliance with a request in two cultures: The differential influence of social proof and commitment/consistency on collectivists and individualists. <cite>Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</cite>, <i>25</i>, 1242–1253.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081F5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDAD">Ciardiello, A. (1998). Did you ask a good question today? Alternative cognitive and metacognitive strategies. <cite>Journal of Adolescent &amp; Adult Literacy</cite>, <i>42</i>, 210–219.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081F7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDAE">Cinnirella, M., &amp; Green, B. (2007). Does “cyber-conformity” vary cross-culturally? Exploring the effect of culture and communication medium on social conformity. <cite>Computers in Human Behavior</cite>, <i>23</i>(4), 2011–2025.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081F9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDAF">Cirelli, C. (2012). Brain plasticity, sleep and aging. <cite>Gerontology</cite>, <i>58</i>: 441–445.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081FB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDB0">Clancy, S. A., McNally, R. J., Schacter, D. L., Lenzenweger, M. F., &amp; Pitman, R. K. (2002). Memory distortion in people reporting abduction by aliens. <cite>Journal of Abnormal Psychology</cite>, <i>111</i>(3), 455–461.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081FD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDB1">Clark, A. (1991). <cite>Microcognition: Philosophy, cognitive science, and parallel distributed processing</cite>. Cambridge, MA: MIT Press, reprint edition (1989).</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000081FF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDB2">Clark, D. A., Beck, A. T., &amp; Brown, G. (1989). Cognitive mediation in general psychiatric outpatients: A test of the content-specificity hypothesis. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>56</i>, 958–964.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008201" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDB3">Clark, D. A., Hollifield, M., Leahy, R. L., &amp; Beck, J. S. (2009). Theory of cognitive therapy. In G. Gabbard, J. S. Beck, &amp; J. Wright (Eds.), <em>Textbook of psychotherapeutic treatments in psychiatry</em> (pp. 165–200). Washington, DC: American Psychiatric Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008203" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDB4">Clarke, A., Harvey, M. L., &amp; Kane, D. J. (1999). <cite>Attitudes and behavior: Are produce consumers influenced by eco-labels?</cite> Paper presented at a National Conference on Eco-labels, “Making Change in the Marketplace,” October 22–23, 1998. Retrieved August 1, 2004, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.ssi.nrcs.usda.gov/ssienvpsy/nrcs/ecolabel.pdf</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008205" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDB5">Clarke, A. R., Barry, R. J., McCarthy, R., Selikowitz, M., Johnstone, S. J., Hsu, C. I., &amp; Croft, R. J. (2007). Coherence in children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and excess beta activity in their EEG. <cite>Clinical Neurophysiology</cite>, <i>118</i>(7), 1472–1479.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008207" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDB6">Clarke, J. (1994). Pieces of the puzzle: The jigsaw method. In S. Sharan (Ed.), <cite>Handbook of cooperative learning methods</cite> (pp. 34–50). Westport, CT: Greenwood Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008209" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDB7">Clarkin, J. F., Levy, K. N., Lenzenweger, M. F., &amp; Kernberg, O. F. (2007). Evaluating three treatments for borderline personality disorder: A multiwave study. <cite>American Journal of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>164</i>(6), 922–928.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000820B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDB8">Coates, J. (1986). <cite>Women, men, and language</cite>. New York: Longman.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000820D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDB9">Coccaro, E. F., &amp; Kavoussi, R. J. (1996). Neurotransmitter correlates of impulsive aggression. In D. M. Stoff &amp; R. B. Cairns (Eds.), <cite>Aggression and violence</cite> (pp. 67–86). Mahwah, NJ: Lawrence Erlbaum.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000820F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDBA">Cohen, L. J. (1997). Rational drug use in the treatment of depression. <cite>Pharmacotherapy</cite>, <i>17</i>, 45–61.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008211" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDBB">Cohen, M. S., Chen, Y. Q., McCauley, M., Gamble, T., Hosseinipour, M. C., Kumarasamy, N., . . . Fleming, T. R. (2011). Prevention of HIV-1 infection with early antiretroviral therapy. <cite>New England Journal of Medicine</cite>, <i>365</i>, 493–505.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008213" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDBC">Cohen, N. J., Eichenbaum, R., Decedo, J. C., &amp; Corkin, S. (1985). Preserved learning capacity in amnesia: Evidence for multiple memory systems. In L. S. Squire &amp; N. Butters (Eds.), <cite style="font-style: normal;"><em>Neuropsychology of memory, </em>pp. 83–103</cite>. New York: Gilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008215" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDBD">Cohen, S., Frank, E., Doyle, B. J., Skoner, D. P., Rabin, B. S., &amp; Gwaltney, J. M. (1998). Types of stressors that increase susceptibility to the common cold. <cite>Health Psychology</cite>, <i>17</i>, 214–223.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008217" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDBE">Cohen, S., &amp; Herbert, T. B. (1996). Health psychology: Psychological factors and physical disease from the perspective of human psychoneuroimmunology. <cite>Annual Review of Psychology</cite>, <i>47</i>, 113–142.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008219" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDBF">Cohen, S., Janicki-Deverts, D., Doyle, W. J., Miller, G. E., Frank, E. Rabin, B. S., &amp; Turner, R. B. (2012). Chronic stress, glucocorticoid receptor resistance, inflammation, and disease risk. <em>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America, 109</em>(16), 5995–5999.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000821B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDC0">Cohen, S., Janicki-Deverts, D., &amp; Miller, G. E. (2007). Psychological stress and disease. <cite>Journal of the American Medical Association</cite>, <i>298</i>(14), 1685–1687.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000821D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDC1">Cohen, S., Tyrrell, D. A., &amp; Smith, A. P. (1991). Psychological stress and susceptibility to the common cold. <em>New England Journal of Medicine, 325</em>, 606–612.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000821F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDC2">Coker, T., Austin, S., &amp; Schuster, M. (2009). The health and health care of lesbian, gay, and bisexual adolescents. <cite>Annual Review of Public Health</cite>, <i>31</i>, 457–477.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008221" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDC3">Colcombe, S. J., Erickson, K. I., Raz, N., Webb, A. G., Cohen, N. J., McAuley, E., &amp; Kramer, A. F. (2003). Aerobic fitness reduces brain tissue loss in aging humans. <cite>Journal of Gerontology Series A: Biological Sciences and Medical Sciences</cite>, <i>58</i>, 176–180.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008223" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDC4">Cole, S. W., Arevalo, J. M. G., Takahashi, R., Sloan, E. K., Lutgendorf, S. K., Sood, A. K., Sheridan, J. F., &amp; Seeman, T. E. (2010). <cite>Computational identification of gene-social environment interaction oat the human IL6 locus</cite>. <cite>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America</cite>. Retrieved September 27, 2010, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.pnas.org/content/107/12/5681.full.</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008225" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDC5">Colligan, J. (1983). Musical creativity and social rules in four cultures. <cite>Creative Child and Adult Quarterly</cite>, <i>8</i>, 39–44.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008227" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDC6">Collin, S. H. P., Milivojevic, B., &amp; Doeller, C. F. (2015). Memory hierarchies map onto the hippocampal long axis in humans. <em>Nature Neuroscience, 18</em>, 1562–1564.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008229" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDC7">Collins, A. M., &amp; Loftus, E. F. (1975). A spreading activation theory of semantic processing. <cite>Psychological Review</cite>, <i>82</i>, 407–428.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000822B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDC8">Collins, A. M., &amp; Quillian, M. R. (1969). Retrieval time from semantic memory. <cite>Journal of Verbal Learning and Verbal Behaviour</cite>, <i>8</i>, 240–247.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000822D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDC9">Collins, C. J., Hanges, P. J., &amp; Locke, E. A. (2004). The relationship of achievement motivation to entrepreneurial behavior: A meta-analysis. <cite>Human Performance</cite>, <i>17</i>(1), 95–117.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000822F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDCA">Colom, R., Privado, J., García, L. F., Estrada, E., Cuevas, L., &amp; Shih, P.-C. (2015). Fluid intelligence and working memory capacity: Is the time for working on intelligence problems relevant for explaining their large relationship? <em>Personality and Individual Differences, 79</em>, 75–80. doi: 10.1016/j.paid.2015.01.051</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008231" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDCB">Colom, R., Shih, P. C., Flores-Mendoza, C., &amp; Quiroga, M. A. (2006). The real relationship between short-term memory and working memory. <cite>Memory</cite>, <i>14</i>(7), 804–813.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008233" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDCC">Columbo, J., &amp; Mitchell, D. W. (2009). Infant visual habituation. <cite>Neurobiology of Learning and Memory</cite>, <i>92</i>(2), 225–234.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008235" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDCD">Committee on Animal Research and Ethics. (2004). <cite style="font-style: normal;">Research with animals in psychology</cite>. Retrieved October 12, 2004, from <span class="url-obsolete">www.apa.org/<wbr />science/<wbr />animal2.html</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008237" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDCE">Cone-Wesson, B. (2005). Prenatal alcohol and cocaine exposure: Influences on cognition, speech, language, and hearing. <cite>Journal of Communication Disorders</cite>, <i>38</i>(4), 279–302.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008239" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDCF">Connor, S., Tenorio, G., Clandinin, M. T., &amp; Sauv, Y. (2012). DHA supplementation enhances high-frequency, stimulation-induced synaptic transmission in mouse hippocampus. <cite>Applied Physiology, Nutrition, and Metabolism</cite>, <i>37</i>(5), 880–887. doi: 10.1139/h2012–062</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000823B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDD0">Conrad, R., &amp; Hull, A. J. (1964). Information, acoustic confusion, and memory span. <cite>British Journal of Psychology</cite>, <i>55</i>, 429–432.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000823D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDD1">Constantine, M. G., Alleyne, V. L., Caldwell, L. D., McRae, M. B., &amp; Suzuki, M. B. (2005). Coping responses of Asian, Black, and Latino/Latina New York City residents following the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks against the United States. <cite>Cultural Diversity &amp; Ethnic Minority</cite>, <i>11</i>, 293–308.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000823F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDD2"><cite>Consumer Reports</cite>. (1995, November). Mental health: Does psychotherapy help? 734–739.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008241" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDD3">Conway, M. A., Cohen, G., &amp; Stanhope, N. (1992). Very long-term memory for knowledge acquired at school and university. <cite>Applied Cognitive Psychology</cite>, <i>6</i>, 467–482.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008243" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDD4">Cook, K. (2014). <em>Kitty Genovese: The murder, the bystanders, the crime that changed America</em>. New York: W. W. Norton &amp; Co.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008245" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDD5">Cook, M., &amp; Mineka, S. (1989). Observational conditioning of fear to fear-relevant versus fear-irrelevant stimuli in rhesus monkeys. <cite>Journal of Abnormal Psychology</cite>, <i>98</i>(4), 448–459.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008247" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDD6">Coolidge, F. L. (2006). <cite>Dream interpretation as a psychotherapeutic technique</cite>. London: Radcliffe.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008249" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDD7">Cooper, C., Li, R., Lyketsos, C., &amp; Livingston, G. (2013). Treatment for mild cognitive impairment: Systematic review. <em>The British Journal of Psychiatry, 203</em>(4), 255–264.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000824B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDD8">Cooper, L. A., Gonzales, J. J., Gallo, J. J., Rost, K. M., Meredith, L. S., Rubenstein, L. V., Wang, N. Y., &amp; Ford, D. E. (2003). The acceptability of treatment for depression among African-American, Hispanic, and White primary care patients. <cite>Medical Care</cite>, <i>41</i>(4), 479–489.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000824D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDD9">Corballis, M. C. (2009). The evolution and genetics of cerebral asymmetry. <em>Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society B: Biological Sciences, 364</em>(1519), 867–879. doi: 10.1098/rstb.2008.0232</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000824F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDDA">Corbett, G. (2016). Motivational interviewing. In I. Marini &amp; M. A. Stebnicki (Eds.), <em>The professional counselor’s desk reference </em>(2nd ed., pp. 235–239). New York: Springer Publishing.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008251" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDDB">Corbetta, M., Kincade, M. J., Lewis, C., Snyder, A. Z., &amp; Sapir, A. (2005). Neural basis and recovery of spatial attention deficits in spatial neglect. <cite>Nature Neuroscience</cite>, <i>8</i>, 1603–1610.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008253" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDDC">Cormier, J. F., &amp; Thelen, M. H. (1998). Professional skepticism of multiple personality disorder. <cite>Professional Psychology: Research and Practice</cite>, <i>29</i>, 163–167.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008255" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDDD">Corr, C. A. (1993). Coping with dying: Lessons that we should and should not learn from the work of Elisabeth Kübler-Ross. <cite>Death Studies</cite>, <i>17</i>, 69–83.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008257" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDDE">Cosgrove, G. R., &amp; Rauch, S. L. (1995). Psychosurgery. <cite>Neurosurgery Clinics of North America</cite>, <i>6</i>, 167–176.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008259" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDDF">Cosmides, L., &amp; Tooby, J. (2013). Evolutionary psychology: New perspectives on cognition and motivation. <cite>Annual Review of Psychology</cite>, <i>64</i>, 201–229.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000825B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDE0">Costa, P. T., Jr., &amp; McCrae, R. R. (2000). The Revised NEO Personality Inventory (NEO PI-R). In S. R. Briggs, J. Cheek &amp; E. M. Donahue (Eds.), <cite style="font-style: normal;"><em>Handbook of personality inventories, </em>pp. 410–413</cite>. New York: Plenum.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000825D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDE1">Costello, D. M., Swendsen, J., Rose, J. S., &amp; Dierker, L. C. (2008). Risk and protective factors associated with trajectories of depressed mood from adolescence to early adulthood. <cite>Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology</cite>, <i>76</i>(2), 173–183.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000825F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDE2">Couperus, J. W., &amp; Nelson, C. A. (2006). Early brain development and plasticity. In K. McCartney &amp; D. Phillips (Eds.), <cite>The Blackwell handbook of early childhood development</cite> (pp. 85–105). Oxford, UK: Blackwell Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008261" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDE3">Courage, M. L., &amp; Howe, M. L. (2002). From infant to child: The dynamics of cognitive change in the second year of life. <cite>Psychological Bulletin</cite>, <i>128</i>, 250–277.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008263" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDE4">Cowan, N. (1988). Evolving conceptions of memory storage, selective attention, and their mutual constraints within the human information processing system. <cite>Psychological Bulletin</cite>, <i>104</i>, 163–191.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008265" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDE5">Cowan, N. (2001). The magical number 4 in short-term memory: A reconsideration of mental storage capacity. <cite>Behavioral and Brain Sciences</cite>, <i>24</i>, 97–185.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008267" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDE6">Cowan, N., Elliott, E. M., Saults, J. S., Morey, C. C., Mattox, S., Hismjatullina, A., &amp; Conway, A. R. A. (2005). On the capacity of attention: Its estimation and its role in working memory and cognitive aptitudes. <cite>Cognitive Psychology</cite>, <i>51</i>(1), 42–100.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008269" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDE7">Craddock, N., O’Donovan, M. C., &amp; Owen, M. J. (2005). The genetics of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder: Dissecting psychosis. <cite>Journal of Medical Genetics</cite>, <i>42</i>, 288–299.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000826B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDE8">Crago, M. B., Shisslak, C. M., &amp; Estes, L. S. (1996). Eating disturbances among American minority groups: A review. <cite>International Journal of Eating Disorders</cite>, <i>19</i>, 239–248.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000826D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDE9">Craighead, W. E., &amp; Dunlop, B. W. (2014). Combination psychotherapy and antidepressant medication treatment for depression: For whom, when, and how. <em>Annual Review of Psychology, 65</em>, 267–300. doi: 10.1146/annurev.psych.121208.131653</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000826F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDEA">Craik, F. I. M. (1970). The fate of primary memory items in free recall. <cite>Journal of Verbal Learning and Verbal Behavior</cite>, <i>9</i>, 143–148.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008271" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDEB">Craik, F. I. M. (1994). Memory changes in normal aging. <cite>Current Directions in Psychological Science</cite>, <i>3</i>(5), 155–158.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008273" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDEC">Craik, F. I. M., &amp; Lockhart, R. S. (1972). Levels of processing. A framework for memory research. <cite>Journal of Verbal Learning and Verbal Behaviour</cite>, <i>11</i>, 671–684.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008275" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDED">Craik, F. I. M., &amp; Tulving, E. (1975). Depth of processing and the retention of words in episodic memory. <cite>Journal of Experimental Psychology: General</cite>, <i>104</i>, 268–294.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008277" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDEE">Cramer, J. W., Bartz, P. J., Simpson, P. M., &amp; Zangwill, S. D. (2014). The spectrum of congenital heart disease and outcomes after surgical repair among children with Turner syndrome: A single-center review. <em>Pediatric Cardiology, 35</em>, 253.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008279" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDEF">Craske, M. G., &amp; Barlow, D. H. (2008). Panic disorder and agoraphobia. In D. H. Barlow (Ed.), <cite>Clinical handbook of psychological disorders</cite> (pp. 1–64). New York: Guilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000827B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDF0">Crawford, M., &amp; Unger, R. (2004). <cite>Women and gender: A feminist psychology</cite> (4th ed.). Boston: McGraw-Hill.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000827D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDF1">Creed, M., Pascoli, V. J., &amp; Lüscher, C. (2015). Refining deep brain stimulation to emulate optogenetic treatment of synaptic pathology. <em>Science, 347</em>(6222), 659–664. doi: 10.1126/science.1260776</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000827F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDF2">Creighton, S. M., Minto, C. L., &amp; Woodhouse, C. (2001). Long term sexual function in intersex conditions with ambiguous genitalia. <cite>Journal of Pediatric &amp; Adolescent Gynecology</cite>, <i>14</i>, 141–142.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008281" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDF3">Creswell, J. D., Pacilio, L. E., Lindsay, E. K., &amp; Brown, K. W. (2014). Brief mindfulness meditation training alters psychological and neuroendocrine responses to social evaluative stress. <em>Psychoneuroendocrinology, 44</em>, 1–12.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008283" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDF4">Crick, F., &amp; Koch, C. (1990). Towards a neurobiological theory of consciousness. <cite>Seminars in the Neurosciences</cite>, <i>2</i>, 263–275.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008285" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDF5">Crick, F., &amp; Koch, C. (2003). A framework for consciousness. <cite>Nature Neuroscience</cite>, <i>6</i>, 119–127.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008287" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDF6">Cristancho, M. A., Helmer, A., Connolly, R., Cristancho, P., &amp; O’Reardon, J. P. (2013). Transcranial magnetic stimulation maintenance as a substitute for maintenance electroconvulsive therapy: A case series. <cite>J ECT</cite>, <i>29</i>(2), 106–108. doi: 10.1097/YCT.0b013e31827a70ba</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008289" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDF7">Critchfield, T. S., Haley, R., Sabo, B., Colbert, J., &amp; Macropoulis, G. (2003). A half century of scalloping in the work habits of the United States Congress. <cite>Journal of Applied Behavior Analysis</cite>, <i>36</i>(4), 465–486.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000828B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDF8">Crouch, N. S., Minto, C. L., Liao, L.-M., Woodhouse, C. R. J., &amp; Creighton, S. M. (2004). Genital sensation after feminizing genitoplasty for congenital adrenal hyperplasia: A pilot study <cite>British Journal of Urology International</cite>, <i>93</i>, 135–138.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000828D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDF9">Crowley, A. E., &amp; Hoyer, W. D. (1994). An integrative framework for understanding two-sided persuasion. <cite>Journal of Consumer Research</cite>, <i>20</i>, 561–574.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000828F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDFA">Csikszentmihalyi, M. (1996). <cite>Creativity: Flow and the psychology of discovery and invention</cite>. New York: Harper Perennial.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008291" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDFB">Csikszentmihalyi, M. (1997). <cite>Finding flow: The psychology of engagement with everyday life</cite>. New York: Basic Books.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008293" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDFC">Cua, A. B., Wilhelm, K. P., &amp; Maibach, H. I. (1990). Elastic properties of human skin: Relation to age, sex and anatomical region. <cite>Archives of Dermatology Research</cite>, <i>282</i>, 283–288.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008295" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDFD">Cuellar, N. G., Whisenant, D., &amp; Stantoon, M. P. (2015). Hypnic jerks: A scoping literature review. <em>Sleep Medicine Clinics, 10</em>(3), 393–401.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008297" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDFE">Culver, N. C., Vervliet, B., &amp; Craske, M. G. (2015). Compound extinction: Using the Rescorla-Wagner model to maximize exposure therapy effects for anxiety disorders. <em>Clinical Psychological Science, 3</em>(3), 335–348. doi: 10.1177/2167702614542103</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008299" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FDFF">Cummings, J. L., &amp; Coffey C. E. (1994). Neurobiological basis of behavior. In C. E. Coffey &amp; J. L. Cummings (Eds.), <cite>Textbook of geriatric neuropsychiatry</cite> (pp. 72–96). Washington, DC: American Psychiatric Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000829B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE00">Cummings, S. R., &amp; Melton, L. J., III. (2002). Epidemiology and outcomes of osteoporotic fractures. <cite>Lancet</cite>, <i>359</i>(9319), 1761–1767.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000829D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE01">Cunha, E., Magno, G., Gonçalves, M. A., Cambraia, C., &amp; Almeida, V. (2014). He votes or she votes? Female and male discursive strategies in Twitter political hashtags. <cite>PLoS ONE</cite> <i>9</i>(1), e87041. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0087041</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000829F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE02">Currin, J. M., Gibson, L., &amp; Hubach, R. D. (2015). Multidimensional assessment of sexual orientation and the fraternal birth order effect. <cite>Psychology of Sexual Orientation and Gender Diversity</cite>, <i>2</i>, 113–122.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082A1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE03">Curtis, R. C., &amp; Miller, K. (1986). Believing another likes or dislikes you: Behaviors making the beliefs come true. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>51</i>, 284–290.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082A3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE04">Curtis, R. G., Windsor, T. D., &amp; Soubelet, A. (2015). The relationship between Big-5 personality traits and cognitive ability in older adults–A review. <cite>Aging, Neuropsychology, and Cognition: A Journal on Normal and Dysfunctional Development</cite>, <i>22</i>(1), 42–71. doi: 10.1080/13825585.2014.888392</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082A5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE05">Curtis, R. H. (1993). <cite>Great lives: Medicine</cite>. New York: Charles Scribner’s Sons Books for Young Readers.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082A7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE06">Cuthbert, B. N. (2014). The RDoC framework: Facilitating transition from icd/dsm to dimensional approaches that integrate neuroscience and psychopathology. <cite>World Psychiatry</cite>, <i>13</i>(1), 23–35. doi: <span class="url-obsolete">http://doi.org/10.1002/wps.20087</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082A9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE07">Czeisler, C. A. (1995). The effect of light on the human circadian pacemaker. In D. J. Chadwick &amp; K. Ackrill (Eds.), <cite>Circadian clocks and their adjustment</cite> (pp. 254–302). West Sussex, England: John Wiley &amp; Sons.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082AB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE08">Czeisler, C. A., Moore-Ede, M. C., &amp; Coleman, R. M. (1982). Rotating shift work schedules that disrupt sleep are improved by applying circadian principles. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>217</i>, 460–463.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082AD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE09">Czeisler, C. A., Weitzman, E. D., Moore-Ede, M. C., Zimmerman, J. C., &amp; Knauer, R. S. (1980). Human sleep: Its duration and organization depend on its circadian phase. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>210</i>, 1264–1267.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082AF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE0A">Dabbs, J. M., Jr., Bernieri, F. J., Strong, R. K., Campo, R., &amp; Milun, R. (2001). Going on stage: Testosterone in greetings and meetings. <cite>Journal of Research in Personality</cite>, <i>35</i>, 27–40.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082B1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE0B">Dahl, R. E., &amp; Lewin, D. S. (2002). Pathways to adolescent health: Sleep regulation and behavior. <cite>Journal of Adolescent Health</cite>, <i>31</i>, 175–184.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082B3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE0C">Daiello, L. A., Gongvatana, A., Dunsiger, S., Cohen, R. A., &amp; Ott, B. R. (2014). Association of fish oil supplement use with preservation of brain volume and cognitive function. <cite>Alzheimer’s &amp; Dementia</cite>, <i>11</i>(2), 226–235.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082B5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE0D">Dalenberg, C. J. (1996). Accuracy, timing and circumstances of disclosure in therapy of recovered and continuous memories of abuse. <cite>The Journal of Psychiatry and Law</cite>, <i>24</i>(2), 229–275.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082B7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE0E">Dallman, M., Pecoraro, N., Akana, S., la Fleur, S. E., Gomez, F., Houshyar, H., Bell, M. E., Bhatnagar, S., Laugero, K. D., &amp; Manalo, S. (2003). Chronic stress and obesity: A new view of “comfort food.” <cite>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, USA</cite>, <i>100</i>(20), 11696–11701.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082B9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE0F">Daly, M., Wilson, M., &amp; Weghorst, S. J. (1982). Male sexual jealousy. <cite>Ethology and Sociobiology</cite>, <i>3</i>, 11–27.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082BB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE10">Damasio, H., Grabowski, T., Frank, R., Galaburda, A. M., &amp; Damasion, A. R. (1994). The return of Phineas Gage: Clues about the brain from the skull of a famous patient. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>264</i>, 1102–1105.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082BD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE11">Dani, J., Burrill, C., &amp; Demmig-Adams, B. (2005). The remarkable role of nutrition in learning and behavior. <cite>Nutrition &amp; Food Science</cite>, <i>35</i>(4), 258–263.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082BF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE12">Darley, J. M., &amp; Latané, B. (1968). Bystander intervention in emergencies: Diffusion of responsibility. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>8</i>, 377–383.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082C1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE13">Darvill, T., Lonky, E., Reihman, J., Stewart, P., &amp; Pagano, J. (2000). Prenatal exposure to PCBs and infant performance on the Fagan test of infant intelligence. <cite>Neurotoxicology</cite>, <i>21</i>(6), 1029–1038.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082C3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE14">Darwin, C. (1859). <cite>The origin of species by means of natural selection</cite>. London: John Murray.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082C5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE15">Darwin, C. (1898). <cite>The expression of the emotions in man and animals</cite>. New York: D. Appleton.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082C7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE16">Daum, I., &amp; Schugens, M. M. (1996). On the cerebellum and classical conditioning. <cite>Current Directions in Psychological Science</cite>, <i>5</i>, 58–61.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082C9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE17">Davidson, R. J. (2003). Affective neuroscience and psychophysiology: Toward a synthesis. <cite>Psychophysiology</cite>, <i>40</i>(5), 655–665.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082CB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE18">Davidson, R. J., Kabat-Zinn, J., Schumacher, J., Rosenkranz, M., Muller, D., Santorelli, S., . . . Sheridan, J. (2003). Alterations in brain and immune function produced by mindfulness meditation. <cite>Psychosomatic Medicine</cite>, <i>65</i>, 564–570.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082CD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE19">Davidson, R. J., Putman, K. M., &amp; Larson, C. L. (2000). Dysfunction in the neural circuitry of emotion regulation–A possible prelude to violence. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>289</i>, 591–594.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082CF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE1A">Davies, I. R. L., Laws, G., Corbett, G. G., &amp; Jerrett, D. J. (1998a). Cross-cultural differences in colour vision: Acquired “colour blindness” in Africa. <cite>Personality and Individual Differences</cite>, <i>25</i>, 1153–1162.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082D1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE1B">Davies, I. R. L., Sowden, P., Jerrett, D. T., Jerrett, T., &amp; Corbett, G. G. (1998b). A cross-cultural study of English and Setswana speakers on a colour triads task: A test of the Sapir-Whorf hypothesis. <cite>British Journal of Psychology</cite>, <i>89</i>, 1–15.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082D3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE1C">Davis, C. J., Harding, J. W., &amp; Wright, J. W. (2003). REM sleep deprivation induced deficits in the latency-to-peak induction and maintenance of longterm potentiation within the CA1 region of hippocampus. <cite>Brain Research</cite>, <i>973</i>, 293–297.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082D5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE1D">Davis, H. A., DiStefano, C., &amp; Schutz, P. A. (2008). Identifying patterns of appraising tests in first-year college students: Implications for anxiety and emotion regulation during test taking. <cite>Journal of Educational Psychology</cite>, <i>100</i>(4), 942–960. doi: 10.1037/a0013096</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082D7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE1E">Davis, J. O., Phelps, J. A., &amp; Bracha, H. S. (1995). Prenatal development of monozygotic twins and concordance for schizophrenia. <cite>Schizophrenia Bulletin</cite>, <i>21</i>, 357–366.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082D9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE1F">Davis, K. F., Parker, K. P., &amp; Montgomery, G. (2004). Sleep in infants and young children: Part 1: Normal sleep. <cite>Journal of Pediatric Healthcare</cite>, <i>18</i>(2), 65–71.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082DB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE20">Davis, M., &amp; Whalen, P. J. (2001). The amygdala: Vigilance and emotion. <cite>Molecular Psychiatry</cite>, <i>6</i>, 13–34.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082DD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE21">Davis, O. S. P., Haworth, C. M. A., Lewis, C. M., &amp; Plomin, R. (2012). Visual analysis of geocoded twin data puts nature and nurture on the map. <cite>Molecular Psychiatry</cite>, <i>17</i>, 867–874. doi: 10.1038/mp.2012.68</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082DF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE22">Dawood, K., Pillard, R. C., Horvath, C., Revelle, W., &amp; Bailey, J. M. (2000). Familial aspects of male homosexuality. <cite>Archives of Sexual Behavior</cite>, <i>29</i>(2), 155.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082E1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE23">Day, E. (2015). #BlackLivesMatter: The birth of a new civil rights movement. The Guardian, Sunday July 19, 2015. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jul/19/blacklivesmatter-birth-civil-rights-movement</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082E3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE24">Dean, G., &amp; Kelly, I. W. (2000). Does astrology work? Astrology and skepticism 1975–2000. In P. Kurtz (Ed.), <cite>Skepticism: A 25 Year Retrospective</cite> (pp. 191–207). Amherst, NY: Prometheus Books.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082E5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE25">Dêbiec, J., Díaz-Mataix, L., Bush, D. E. A., Doyère, V., &amp; LeDoux, J. E. (2010). The amygdala encodes specific sensory features of an aversive reinforcer. <cite>Nature Neuroscience</cite>, <i>13</i>, 536–537.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082E7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE26">de Bruin, A., Treccani, B., &amp; Della Sala, S. (2015). Cognitive advantage in bilingualism: An example of publication bias? <em>Psychological Science, 26</em>(1), 99–107. doi: 10.1177/0956797614557866</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082E9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE27">De Camp, J. E. (1917). The influence of color on apparent weight. A preliminary study. <em>Journal of Experimental Psychology: General, 2</em>(5), 347–370. doi: dx.doi.org/10.1037/h0075903</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082EB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE28">DeCasper, A. J., &amp; Fifer, W. P. (1980). Of human bonding: Newborns prefer their mothers’ voices. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>208</i>, 1174–1176.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082ED" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE29">DeCasper, A. J., &amp; Spence, M. J. (1986). Prenatal maternal speech influence on newborns’ perception of sounds. <cite>Infant Behaviour and Development</cite>, <i>9</i>, 133–150.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082EF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE2A">deCharms, R. (1968). <cite>Personal causation</cite>. New York: Academic Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082F1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE2B">Deci, E. L., Eghrari, H., Patrick, B. C., &amp; Leone, D. R. (1994). Facilitating internalization: The self-determination theory perspective. <cite>Journal of Personality</cite>, <i>62</i>, 119–142.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082F3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE2C">Deci, E. L., Koestner, R., &amp; Ryan, R. M. (1999). A meta-analytic review of experiments examining the effects of extrinsic rewards on intrinsic motivation. <cite>Psychological Bulletin</cite>, <i>125</i>, 627–668.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082F5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE2D">Deci, E. L., &amp; Ryan, R. M. (1985). <cite>Intrinsic motivation and self-determination in human behavior</cite>. New York: Plenum.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082F7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE2E">DeCoster, J., &amp; Claypool, H. M. (2004). A meta-analysis of priming effects on impression formation supporting a general model of informational biases. <cite>Personality and Social Psychology Review</cite>, <i>8</i>(1), 2–27.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082F9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE2F">Deger, M., Helias, M., Rotter, S., &amp; Diesmann, M. (2012). Spike-timing dependence of structural plasticity explains cooperative synapse formation in the neocortex. <cite>PLoS Computational Biology</cite>, <i>8</i>(9), e1002689. doi: 10.1371/journal.pcbi.1002689</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082FB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE30">DeGrandpre, R. J. (2000). A science of meaning: Can behaviorism bring meaning to psychological science? <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>55</i>, 721–739.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082FD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE31">Deinzer, R., Kleineidam, C. H., Winkler, R., Idel, H., &amp; Bachg, D. (2000). Prolonged reduction of salivary immunoglobulin A (slgA) after a major academic exam. <cite>International Journal of Psychophysiology</cite>, <i>37</i>, 219–232.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000082FF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE32">Delagrange, P., &amp; Guardiola-Lemaitre, B. (1997). Melatonin, its receptors, and relationships with biological rhythm disorders. <cite>Clinincal Neuropharmacology</cite>, <i>20</i>, 482–510.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008301" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE33">Delaney, A. J., Crane, J. W., &amp; Sah, P. (2007). Noradrenaline modulates transmission at a central synapse by a presynaptic mechanism. <cite>Neuron</cite>, <i>56</i>(6), 880–892.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008303" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE34">Delfiner, R. (2001, November 16). Kitty left at death’s door. <cite>New York Post</cite>.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008305" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE35">DeLongis, A., Lazarus, R. S., &amp; Folkman, S. (1988). The impact of daily stress on health and mood: Psychological and social resources as mediators. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>54</i>(3), 486–495.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008307" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE36">Dement, W. C. (1960). The effect of dream deprivation. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>131</i>, 1705–1707.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008309" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE37">Dement, W. C. (1974). Some must watch while some must sleep. San Francisco: W. H. Freeman.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000830B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE38">Dement, W. C., Henry, P., Cohen, H., &amp; Ferguson, J. (1969). Studies on the effect of REM deprivation in humans and animals. In K. H. Pribram (Ed.), <cite>Mood, states, and mind</cite>. Baltimore: Penguin.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000830D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE39">Demers, R. A. (1988). Linguistics and animal communication. In F. J. Newmeyer (Ed.), <cite>Language form and language function</cite> (pp. 314–335). Cambridge, MA: MIT Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000830F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE3A">Dempster, F. N., &amp; Farris, R. (1990). The spacing effect: Research and practice. <cite>Journal of Research and Development in Education</cite> <i>23</i>(2), 97–101.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008311" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE3B">Deng, L. X., Deng, P., Ruan, Y., Xu, Z. C., Liu, N. K., Wen, X., … Xu, X. M. (2013). A novel growth-promoting pathway formed by GDNF-overexpressing Schwann cells promotes propriospinal axonal regeneration, synapse formation, and partial recovery of function after spinal cord injury. <cite>The Journal of Neuroscience</cite>, <i>33</i>(13), 5655–5667. doi: 10.1523/jneurosci.2973–12.2013</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008313" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE3C">Dennett, D. C. (1991). <cite>Consciousness explained</cite>. New York: Little, Brown.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008315" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE3D">Denys, D., Mantione, M., Figee, M., van den Munckhof, P., Koerselman, F., Westenberg, H., . . . Schuurman, R. (2010). Deep brain stimulation of the nucleus accumbens for treatment-refractory obsessive-compulsive disorder. <em>Archives of General Psychiatry, 67</em>(10), 1061–1068. doi: 10.1001/archgenpsychiatry.2010.122</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008317" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE3E">Deregowski, J. B. (1969). Perception of the two-pronged trident by two- and three-dimensional perceivers. <cite>Journal of Experimental Psychology</cite>, <i>82</i>, 9–13.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008319" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE3F">DeRubeis, R. J., Gelfand, L. A., Tang, T. Z., &amp; Simons, A. D. (1999). Medications versus cognitive behavior therapy for severely depressed outpatients: Mega-analysis of four randomized comparisons. <cite>American Journal of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>156</i>(7), 1007–1013.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000831B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE40">De Valois, R. L., &amp; Jacobs, G. H. (1968). Primate color vision, <em>Science, 162</em>, 553–540.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000831D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE41">DeYoung, C. G. (2015). Cybernetic Big Five theory. <em>Journal of Research in Personality, 56</em>, 33–58. doi: 10.1016/j.jrp.2014.07.004</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000831F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE42">DeYoung, C. G., Hirsh, J. B., Shane, M. S., Papademetris, X., Rajeevan, N., &amp; Gray, J. R. (2010). Testing predictions from personality neuroscience: Brain structure and the Big Five. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>21</i>(6), 820–828.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008321" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE43">DeYoung, C. G., Quilty, L. C., Peterson, J. B., &amp; Gray, J. R. (2014). Openness to experience, intellect, and cognitive ability. <em>Journal of Personality Assessment, 96</em>(1), 46–52. doi: 10.1080/00223891.2013.806327</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008323" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE44">Diamond, L. M. (2003). What does sexual orientation orient? A biobehavioral model distinguishing romantic love and sexual desire. <cite>Psychological Review</cite>, <i>110</i>, 173–192.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008325" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE45">Diamond, M. (1995). Biological aspects of sexual orientation and identity. In L. Diamant &amp; R. McAnulty (Eds.), <cite>The psychology of sexual orientation, behavior, and identity: A handbook</cite> (pp. 45–80). Westport, CT: Greenwood Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008327" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE46">Diamond, M. C. (1991). Hormonal effects on the development of cerebral lateralization. <cite>Psychoneuroendocrinology</cite>, <i>16</i>, 121–129.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008329" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE47">Diamond, M., &amp; Sigmundson, H. K. (1997). Sex reassignment at birth. Long-term review and clinical implications. <cite>Archives of Pediatric Adolescent Medicine</cite>, <i>151</i>(3), 298–304.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000832B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE48">DiazGranados, N., Ibrahim, L. A., Brutsche, N. E., Ameli, R., Henter, I. D., Luckenbaugh, D. A., … Zarate, C. A., Jr. (2010). Rapid resolution of suicidal ideation after a single infusion of an N-methyl-D-aspartate antagonist in patients with treatment-resistant major depressive disorder. <cite>The Journal of Clinical Psychiatry</cite>, <i>71</i>(12), 1605–1611. doi: 10.4088/JCP.09m05327blu</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000832D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE49">DiazGranados, N., Ibrahim, L., Brutsche, N. E., Newberg, A., Kronstein, P., Khalife, S., … Zarate, C. A., Jr. (2010). A randomized add-on trial of an N-methyl-D-aspartate antagonist in treatment-resistant bipolar depression. <cite>Archives of General Psychiatry</cite>, <i>67</i>(8), 793–802. doi: 10.1001/archgenpsychiatry.2010.90</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000832F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE4A">Dickens, W. T., &amp; Flynn, J. R. (2001 April). Heritability estimates vs. large environmental effects: The IQ paradox resolved. <cite>Psychological Review</cite>, <i>108</i>(2), 346–369.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008331" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE4B">Dickerson, F., Ringel, N., Parente, F., &amp; Boronow, J. (1994). Seclusion and restraint, assaultiveness, and patient performance in a token economy. <cite>Hospital and Community Psychiatry</cite>, <i>45</i>, 168–170.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008333" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE4C">Dickinson, T. (2015). Exploring the drugs/violence nexus among active offenders: Contributions from the St. Louis School. <em>Criminal Justice Review, 40</em>(1), 67–86.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008335" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE4D">Dieffenbach, C. W., &amp; Fauci, A. S. (2011). Thirty years of HIV and AIDS: Future challenges and opportunities. <cite>Annuals of Internal Medicine</cite>, <i>11</i>(154), 766–771.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008337" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE4E">Diemer, E. W., Grant, J. D., Munn-Chernoff, M. A., Patterson, D. A., &amp; Duncan, A. E. (2015). Gender identity, sexual orientation, and eating-related pathology in a national sample of college students. <cite>Journal of Adolescent Health</cite>, <i>57</i>(2), 144–149. doi: 10.1016/j.jadohealth.2015.03.003</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008339" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE4F">Diener, E., Lusk, R., DeFour, D., &amp; Flax, R. (1980). Deindividuation: Effects of group size, density, number of observers, and group member similarity on self-consciousness and disinhibited behavior. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>39</i>, 449–459.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000833B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE50">Dillard, J. (1990). Self-inference and the foot-in-the-door technique: Quantity of behavior and attitudinal mediation. <cite>Human Communication Research</cite>, <i>16</i>, 422–447.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000833D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE51">Dillard, J. (1991). The current status of research on sequential–request compliance techniques. <cite>Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</cite>, <i>17</i>, 282–288.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000833F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE52">Dimidjian, S., Hollon, S. D., Dobson, K. S., Schmaling, K. B., Kohlenberg, R. J., Addis, M. E., . . . Jacobson, N. S. (2006). Randomized trial of behavioral activation, cognitive therapy, and antidepressant medication in the acute treatment of adults with major depression. <em>Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology, 74</em>(4), 658–670. doi: 10.1037/0022–006X.74.4.658</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008341" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE53">Ding, D. C., Chang, Y. H., Shyu, W. C., &amp; Lin, S. Z. (2015). Human umbilical cord mesenchymal stem cells: A new era for stem cell therapy. <em>Cell Transplantation, 14</em>(3), 339–347.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008343" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE54">Ding, M., Bhupathiraju, S. N., Chen, M., van Dam, R. M., &amp; Hu, F. B. (2014). Caffeinated and decaffeinated coffee consumption and risk of Type 2 diabetes: A systematic review and a dose-response meta-analysis. <em>Diabetes Care, 37</em>(2), 569–586.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008345" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE55">Ding, M., Satija, A., Bhupathiraju, S. N., Hu, Y., Sun, Q., Han, J., Lopez-Garcia, E., Willett, W., van Dam, R. M., &amp; Hu, F. B. (2015). Association of coffee consumption with total and cause-specific mortality in three large prospective cohorts. <em>Circulation National Heart Association, 132</em>, 2305–2315.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008347" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE56">Ding, N., Melloni, L., Zhang, H., Tian, X., &amp; Poeppel, D. (2015). Cortical tracking of hierarchical linguistic structures in connected speech. <em>Nature Neuroscience, 19</em>(1), 158–164. doi: 10.1038/nn.4186</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008349" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE57">Dinges, D. F. (1995). An overview of sleepiness and accidents. <cite>Journal of Sleep Research</cite>, <i>4</i>(2), 4–14.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000834B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE58">Dobson, K. S., &amp; Block, L. (1988). Historical and philosophical bases of the cognitive-behavioral therapies. In K. S. Dobson (Ed.), <cite>Handbook of cognitive-behavioral therapies</cite> (pp. 3–38). New York: Guilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000834D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE59">Dodge, K. A., Bates, J. E., &amp; Pettit, G. S. (1990). Mechanisms in the cycle of violence. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>250</i>, 1678–1683.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000834F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE5A">Dolan, K., Kite, B., Black, E., Aceijas, C., &amp; Stimson, G. V. (2007). HIV in prison in low-income and middle-income countries. <cite>The Lancet: Infectious Diseases</cite>, <i>7</i>(1), 32–41.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008351" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE5B">Dolcos, F., LaBar, K. S., Cabeza, R. &amp; Purves, D. (2005). Remembering one year later: Role of the amygdala and the medial temporal lobe memory system in retrieving emotional memories. <cite>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, USA</cite>. doi: 10.1073/pnas.0409848102</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008353" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE5C">Dollard, J., Doob, L. W., Miller, N. E., Mowrer, O. H., &amp; Sears, R. R. (1939). <cite>Frustration and aggression</cite>. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008355" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE5D">Dollard, J., &amp; Miller, N. F. (1950). <cite>Personality and psychotherapy</cite>. New York: McGraw-Hill.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008357" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE5E">Domagalski, T. A., &amp; Steelman, L. A. (2007). The impact of gender and organizational status on workplace anger expression. <cite>Management Communication Quarterly</cite>, <i>20</i>(3), 297–315.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008359" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE5F">Domhoff, G. W. (1996). <cite>Finding meaning in dreams: A quantitative approach</cite>. New York: Plenum Publishing.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000835B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE60">Domhoff, G. W. (2005). The content of dreams: Methodologic and theoretical implications. In M. Kryger, T. Roth, &amp; W. Dement (Eds.), <cite>Principles and practices of sleep medicine</cite> (4th ed., pp. 522–534). Philadelphia: Saunders.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000835D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE61">Domhoff, G. W., &amp; Schneider, A. (2008). Similarities and differences in dream content at the cross-cultural, gender, and individual levels. <cite>Consciousness and Cognition</cite>, <i>17</i>, 1257–1265.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000835F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE62">Dominey, P. F., &amp; Dodane, C. (2004). Indeterminacy in language acquisition: The role of child-directed speech and joint attention. <cite>Journal of Neurolinguistics</cite>, <i>17</i>(2–3), 121–145.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008361" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE63">Domjan, M., Cusato, B., &amp; Villarreal, R. (2000). Pavlovian feed-forward mechanisms in the control of social behavior. <cite>Behavioral and Brain Sciences</cite>, <i>23</i>, 235–282.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008363" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE64">Donaldson, Z. R., &amp; Young, L. J. (2008). Oxytocin, vasopressin, and the neurogenetics of sociality. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>322</i>(5903), 900–904. doi: 10.1126/science.1158668</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008365" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE65">Donohue, S. E., James, B., Eslick, A. N., &amp; Mitroff, S. R. (2012). Cognitive pitfall! Videogame players are not immune to dual-task costs. <cite style="font-style: normal;"><em>Attention, Perception, &amp; Psychophysics, 74</em>(5), 803–809</cite>. doi: 10.3758/s13414–012-0323-y</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008367" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE66">Donovan, J. J., &amp; Radosevich, D. R. (1999). A meta-analytic review of the distribution of practice effect: Now you see it, now you don’t. <cite>Journal of Applied Psychology</cite>, <i>84</i>, 795–805.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008369" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE67">Dorahy, M. J. (2001). Dissociative identity disorder and memory dysfunction: The current state of experimental research and its future directions. <cite>Clinical Psychology Review</cite>, <i>21</i>(5), 771–795.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000836B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE68">Dorahy, M. J., Brand, B. L., Sar, V., Kruger, C., Stavropoulos, P., Martinez-Taboas, A., . . . Middleton, W. (2014). Dissociative identity disorder: An empirical overview. <cite>Australian and New Zealand Journal of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>48</i>(5), 402–417. doi: 10.1177/0004867414527523</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000836D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE69">Dörrie, N., Föcker, M., Freunscht, I., &amp; Hebebrand, J. (2014). Fetal alcohol spectrum disorders. <em>European Child &amp; Adolescent Psychiatry, 23</em>, 863–875.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000836F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE6A">Doubilet, P. M., Benson, C. B., Bourne, T., &amp; Blaivas, M. (2013). Diagnostic criteria for nonviable pregnancy early in the first trimester. <em>The New England Journal of Medicine, 369</em>(15),1443–1451.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008371" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE6B">Dove, A. (1971). The “Chitling” Test. In L. R. Aiken Jr. (Ed.), <cite>Psychological and educational testings</cite>. Boston: Allyn and Bacon.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008373" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE6C">Downs, J. F. (1984). <cite>The Navajo</cite>. Prospect Heights, IL: Waveland Press, International.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008375" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE6D">Dreger, A. D. (1998). “Ambiguous sex”–or ambivalent medicine? Ethical issues in the treatment of intersexuality. <cite>Hastings Center Report</cite>, <i>28</i>(3), 24–35.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008377" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE6E">Dreger, A. D. (1999). <cite>Intersex in the age of ethics</cite>. Hagerstown, MD: University Publishing Groups.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008379" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE6F">Drenth, P. J., Thierry, H., Willems, P. J., &amp; de Wolff, C. J. (1984). <cite>Handbook of work and organizational psychology</cite>. Chichester, England: John Wiley and Sons.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000837B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE70">Druckman, D., &amp; Bjork, R. A. (Eds.). (1994). <cite>Learning, remembering, believing: Enhancing human performance</cite>. (Study conducted by the National Research Council). Washington, DC: National Academy Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000837D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE71">Du, L., Shan, L., Wang, B., Li, H., Xu, Z., Staal, W. G., &amp; Jia, F. (2015). A pilot study on the combination of applied behavior analysis and bumetanide treatment for children with autism. <cite>Journal of Child and Adolescent Psychopharmacology</cite>, <i>25</i>(7), 585–588.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000837F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE72">Duben, A., &amp; Behar, C. (1991). <cite>Istanbul households: Marriage, family and fertility 1880–1940</cite>. Cambridge, NY: Cambridge University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008381" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE73">Dubern, B., &amp; Clement, K. (2012). Leptin and leptin receptor-related monogenic obesity. <cite>Biochimie</cite>, <i>94</i>(10), 2111–2115.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008383" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE74">Dubowitz, H., &amp; Bennett, S. (2007). Physical abuse and neglect of children. <cite>Lancet</cite>, <i>369</i>(9576), 1891–1899.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008385" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE75">Duckworth, A. L., Quinn, P. D., Lynam, D. R., Loeber, R., &amp; Stouthamer-Loeber, M. (2011). Role of test motivation in intelligence testing. <cite>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences</cite>, <i>108</i>(19), 7716–7720. doi: 10.1073/pnas.1018601108</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008387" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE76">Duckworth, A. L., &amp; Seligman, M. E. P. (2005). Self-discipline outdoes IQ in predicting academic performance of adolescents. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>16</i>(12), 939–944. doi: 10.1111/j.1467–9280.2005.01641.x</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008389" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE77">Dudai, Y. (2004). The neurobiology of consolidations, or, how stable is the engram? <cite>Annual Review of Psychology</cite>, <i>55</i>, 51–86.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000838B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE78">Duggan, M., Ellilson, N. B., Lampe, C., Lenhart, A., &amp; Madden, M. (2015). Demographics of key social networking platforms. Pew Research Center: Social Media Update 2014. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.pewinternet.org/2015/01/09/demographics-of-key-social-networking-platforms-2/</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000838D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE79">Duker, P. C. &amp; Seys, D. M. (1996). Long-term use of electrical aversion treatment with self-injurious behaviors. <cite>Research in Developmental Disabilities</cite>, <i>17</i>, 293–301.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000838F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE7A">Duman, R. S., &amp; Aghajanian, G. K. (2012). Synaptic dysfunction in depression: Potential therapeutic targets. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>338</i>(6103), 68–72. doi: 10.1126/science.1222939</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008391" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE7B">Dumont, F. (2010). <cite>A history of personality psychology</cite>. New York: Cambridge University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008393" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE7C">Duncan, R. M. (1995). Piaget and Vygotsky revisited: Dialogue or assimilation? <cite>Developmental Review</cite>, <i>15</i>, 458–472.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008395" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE7D">Dundas, I., Wormnes, B. R., &amp; Hauge, H. (2009). Making exams a manageable task. <cite>Nordic Psychology</cite>, <i>61</i>(1), 26–41.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008397" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE7E">Dunn, J. C., Whelton, W. J., &amp; Sharpe, D. (2006). Maladaptive perfectionism, hassles, coping, and psychological distress in university professors. <cite>Journal of Counseling Psychology</cite>, <i>53</i>(4), 511–523.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008399" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE7F">Durrant, J., &amp; Ensom, R. (2012). Physical punishment of children: Lessons from 20 years of research. <cite>Canadian Medical Association Journal</cite>, <i>184</i>(12), 1373–1377. doi: 10.1503/cmaj.101314</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000839B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE80">Durrant, M. (Ed.). (1993). <cite>Aristotle’s De anima in focus</cite>. London: Routledge.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000839D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE81">Durso, F., Rea, C., &amp; Dayton, T. (1994). Graph-theoretic confirmation of restructuring during insight. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>5</i>, 94–98.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000839F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE82">Durston, S. (2003). A review of the biological bases of ADHD: What have we learned from imaging studies? <cite>Mental Retardation and Developmental Disabilities Research Reviews</cite>, <i>9</i>, 184–195.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083A1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE83">Dwairy, M. (2004). Parenting styles and mental health of Palestinian-Arab adolescents in Israel. <cite>Transcultural Psychiatry</cite>, <i>41</i>(2), 233–252.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083A3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE84">Dweck, C. (1986). Motivational processes affecting learning. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>41</i>(10), 1040–1048.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083A5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE85">Dweck, C., &amp; Elliott, E. (1983). Achievement motivation. In P. Mussen (Ed.), <cite>Handbook of child psychology: Vol. 4. Socialization, personality, and social development</cite> (pp. 643–691). New York: Wiley.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083A7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE86">Dweck, C. S. (1999). <cite>Self-theories: Their role in motivation, personality and development</cite>. Philadelphia: Psychology Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083A9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE87">Dweck, C. S., Chiu, C., &amp; Hong, Y. (1995). Implicit theories and their role in judgments and reactions: A world from two perspectives. <cite>Psychological Inquiry</cite>, <i>6</i>, 267–285.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083AB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE88">Dweck, C. S., &amp; Leggett, E. L. (1988). A social-cognitive approach to motivation and personality. <cite>Psychological Review</cite>, <i>95</i>, 256–273.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083AD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE89">Dweck, C. S., &amp; Molden, D. C. (2008). Self-theories: The construction of free will. In J. Baer, J. C. Kaufman, &amp; R. F. Baumeister (Eds.), <cite>Are we free? Psychology and free will</cite> (pp. 44–64). New York: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083AF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE8A">Dykens, E. M., Hodapp, R. M., &amp; Leckman, J. F. (1994). <cite>Behavior and development in fragile X syndrome</cite>. Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083B1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE8B">Eagleman, D. M. (2001). Visual illusions and neurobiology. <cite>Nature reviews: Neuroscience</cite>, <i>2</i>(12), 920–926.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083B3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE8C">Eagly, A. H. (1987). <cite>Sex difference in social behavior: A social-role interpretation</cite>. Hillsdale, NJ: Lawrence Erlbaum.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083B5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE8D">Eagly, A. H., Ashmore, R. D., Makhijani, M. G., &amp; Longo, L. C. (1991). What is beautiful is good, but … : A meta-analytic review of the physical attractiveness stereotype. <cite>Psychological Bulletin</cite>, <i>110</i>, 109–128.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083B7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE8E">Eagly, A. H., &amp; Carli, L. L. (2007). <cite>Through the labyrinth: The truth about how women become leaders</cite>, pp. 119–136. Boston: Harvard Business School Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083B9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE8F">Eagly, A. H., &amp; Chaiken, S. (1975). An attribution analysis of the effect of communicator characteristics on opinion change: The case of communicator attractiveness. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>37</i>, 136–144.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083BB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE90">Eagly, A. H., &amp; Chaiken, S. (1993). <cite>The psychology of attitudes</cite>. Fort Worth, TX: Harcourt Brace.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083BD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE91">Eagly, A. H., &amp; Chaiken, S. (1998). Attitude structure and function. In D. T. Gilbert, S. T. Fiske, &amp; G. Lindzey (Eds.), <cite>The handbook of social psychology</cite> (4th ed., pp. 269–322). New York: McGraw-Hill.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083BF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE92">Eagly, A. H., &amp; Crowley, M. (1986). Gender and helping behavior: A meta-analytic review of the social psychological literature. <cite>Psychological Bulletin</cite>, <i>100</i>, 283–308.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083C1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE93">Eagly, A. H., Wood, W., &amp; Diekman, A. B. (2000). Social role theory of sex differences and similarities: A current appraisal. In T. Eckes &amp; H. M. Trautner (Eds.), <cite>The developmental social psychology of gender</cite> (pp. 123–174). Mahwah, NJ: Lawrence Erlbaum.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083C3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE94">Eaker, E. D., &amp; Castelli, W. P. (1988). Type A behavior and mortality from coronary disease in the Framingham Study. <cite>New England Journal of Medicine</cite>, <i>319</i>, 1480–1481.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083C5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE95">Eastern Virginia Medical School (2009, May 5). Texting while driving can be deadly, study shows. <cite>ScienceDaily</cite>. Retrieved May 5, 2010, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2009/05/090504094434.htm</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083C7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE96">Eaton, W. W., Kessler, R. C., Wittchen, H. U., &amp; Magee, W. J. (1994). Panic and panic disorder in the United States. <cite>American Journal of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>151</i>(3), 413–420.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083C9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE97">Ebbinghaus, H. (1885). <cite>Memory: A contribution to experimental psychology</cite>. New York: Dover Publications.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083CB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE98">Ebbinghaus, H. (1913). <cite>Memory: A contribution to experimental psychology</cite>. New York: Teachers College Press. (Translated from the 1885 German original.)</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083CD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE99">Eddy, J., Fitzhugh, E., &amp; Wang, M. (2000). Smoking acquisition: Peer influence and self-selection. <cite>Psychological Reports</cite>, <i>86</i>, 1241–1246.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083CF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE9A">Edelmann, R. J., &amp; Iwawaki, S. (1987). Self-reported expression of embarrassment in five European cultures. <cite>Psychologia: An International Journal of Psychology</cite>, <i>30</i>, 205–216.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083D1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE9B">Edlund, J. E., Heider, J. D., Scherer, C. R., Farc, M.-M., &amp; Sagarin, B. J. (2006). Sex differences in jealousy in response to actual infidelity. <cite>Evolutionary Psychology</cite>, <i>4</i>, 462–470.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083D3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE9C">Edwards, C., Mukherjee, S., Simpson, L., Palmer, L. J., Almeida, O. P., &amp; Hillman, D. R. (2015). Depressive symptoms before and after treatment of obstructive sleep apnea in men and women. <em>Journal of Clinical Sleep Medicine, 11</em>(9), 1029–1038. doi: 10.5664/jcsm.5020</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083D5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE9D">Egan, L. C., Bloom, P., &amp; Santos, L. R. (2010). Choice-induced preferences in the absence of choice: Evidence from a blind two choice paradigm with young children and capuchin monkeys. <cite>Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</cite>, <i>46</i>(1), 204–207.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083D7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE9E">Egan, L. C., Santos, L. R., &amp; Bloom, P. (2007). The origins of cognitive dissonance. Evidence from children and monkeys. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>18</i>(11), 978–983.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083D9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FE9F">Ehlers, A., Bisson, J., Clark, D. M., Creamer, M., Pilling, S., Richards, D., Schnurr, P. P., Turner, S., &amp; Yule, W. (2010). Do all psychological treatments really work the same in posttraumatic stress disorder? <cite>Clinical Psychology Review</cite>, <i>30</i>(2), 269–276.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083DB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEA0">Eich, E., &amp; Metcalfe, J. (1989). Mood dependent memory for internal vs. external events. <cite>Journal of Experimental Psychology: Learning, Memory and Cognition</cite>, <i>15</i>, 443–455.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083DD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEA1">Eiden, R. D., McAuliffe, S., Kachadourian, L., Coles, C., Colder, C., &amp; Schuetze, P. (2009). Effects of prenatal cocaine exposure on infant reactivity and regulation. <cite>Neurotoxicology and Teratology</cite>, <i>31</i>, 60–68.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083DF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEA2">Ekers, D., Webster, L., Van Straten, A., Cuijpers, P., Richards, D., &amp; Gilbody, S. (2014). Behavioural activation for depression; an update of meta-analysis of effectiveness and sub group analysis. <em>PLoS One, 9</em>(6), e100100. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0100100</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083E1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEA3">Ekman, P. (1973). Darwin and cross-cultural studies of facial expression. In P. Ekman (Ed.), <cite>Darwin and facial expression: A century of research in review</cite>. New York: Academic Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083E3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEA4">Ekman, P. (1980). Asymmetry in facial expression. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>209</i>, 833–834.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083E5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEA5">Ekman, P., &amp; Friesen, W. (1969). The repertoire of nonverbal behavior: Categories, origins, usage, and coding. <cite>Semiotica</cite>, <i>1</i>, 49–98.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083E7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEA6">Ekman, P., &amp; Friesen, W. (1971). Constants across cultures in the face and emotion. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>17</i>(2), 124–129.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083E9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEA7">Ekman, P., &amp; Friesen, W. V. (1978). <cite>The facial action coding system</cite>. Palo Alto, CA: Consulting Psychologists Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083EB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEA8">Ekman, P., Sorensen, E. R., &amp; Friesen, W. V. (1969). Pan-cultural elements in facial displays of emotion. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>164</i>, 86–88.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083ED" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEA9">Elkind, D. (1985). Egocentrism redux. <cite>Developmental Review</cite>, <i>5</i>, 218–226.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083EF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEAA">Ellenbogen, J. M., Payne, J. D., &amp; Stickgold, R. (2006). The role of sleep in declarative memory consolidation: Passive, permissive, active or none? <cite>Current Opinions in Neurobiology</cite>, <i>16</i>, 716–722.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083F1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEAB">Elliott, E., &amp; Dweck, C. (1988). Goals: An approach to motivation and achievement. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>54</i>, 5–12.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083F3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEAC">Elliott, L., &amp; Brantley, C. (1997). <cite>Sex on campus: The naked truth about the real sex lives of college students</cite>. New York: Random House.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083F5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEAD">Elliott, R., Greenberg, L. S., Watson, J., Timulak, L., &amp; Freire, E. (2013). Research on humanistic-experiential psychotherapies. In M. J. Lambert (Ed.), <cite>Bergin &amp; Garfield’s handbook of psychotherapy and behavior change</cite> (6th ed., pp. 495–538). New York: Wiley.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083F7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEAE">Ellis, A. (1997). <cite>The practice of rational emotive behavior therapy</cite>. New York: Springer.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083F9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEAF">Ellis, A. (1998). <cite>The Albert Ellis reader: A guide to well-being using rational emotive behavior therapy</cite>. Secaucus, NJ: Carol Publishing Group.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083FB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEB0">Ellis, H. D. (1983). The role of the right hemisphere in face perception. In A. W. Young (Ed.), <cite>Functions of the right cerebral hemisphere</cite> (pp. 33–64). London: Academic Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083FD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEB1">Ellis, J. G., &amp; Barclay, N. L. (2014). Cognitive behavior therapy for insomnia: State of the science or a stated science? <em>Sleep Medicine, 15</em>(8), 849–850.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000083FF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEB2">Ellis, L., Ames, M. A., Peckham, W., &amp; Burke, D. (1988). Sexual orientation of human offspring may be altered by severe maternal stress during pregnancy. <cite>The Journal of Sex Research</cite>, <i>25</i>, 152–157.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008401" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEB3">Ellis, L. K., Gay, P. E., &amp; Paige, E. (2001). <em>Daily pleasures and hassles across the lifespan</em>. Poster presented at the September annual meeting of the American Psychological Association, San Francisco, CA.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008403" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEB4">Elmenhorst, D., Kroll, T., Matusch, A., &amp; Bauer, A. (2012). Sleep deprivation increases cerebral serotonin 2a receptor binding in humans. <cite>Sleep</cite>, <i>35</i>(12), 1615–1623. doi: 10.5665/sleep.2230</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008405" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEB5">Else-Quest, N., Shibley Hyde, J., Linn, M. C. (2010). Cross-national patterns of gender differences in mathematics: A meta-analysis. <cite>Psychological Bulletin</cite>, <i>136</i>(1), 103–127.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008407" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEB6">Emeny, R. T., Lacruz, M-E., Baumert, J., Zierer, A., von Eisenhart Rothe, A., Autenrieth, C., Herder, C., . . . Ladwig, K-H. (2012). Job strain associated CRP is mediated by leisure time physical activity: Results from the MONICA/KORA study. <cite>Brain, Behaviour and Immunity</cite>, <i>26</i>, 1077–1084.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008409" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEB7">Emeny, R. T., Zierer, A., Lacruz, M-E., Baumert, J., Herder, C., Gornitzka, G., . . . Ladwig, K-H. (2013). Job strain–associated inflammatory burden and long-term risk of coronary events: Findings from the MONICA/KORA Augsburg case-cohort study. <cite>Psychosomatic Medicine</cite>, <i>75</i>(3), 317–325.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000840B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEB8">Endler, N. S. (1988). The origins of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). <cite>Convulsive Therapy</cite>, <i>4</i>, 5–23.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000840D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEB9">Engle, R. W., &amp; Kane, M. J. (2004). Executive attention, working memory capacity, and a two-factor theory of cognitive control. <cite>The Psychology of Learning and Motivation</cite>, <i>44</i>, 145–199.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000840F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEBA">Enns, J. T., &amp; Coren, S. (1995). The box alignment illusion: An orientation illusion induced by pictorial depth. <cite>Perception &amp; Psychophysics</cite>, <i>57</i>, 1163–1174.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008411" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEBB">Ephraim, P. L., Wegener, S. T., MacKenzie, E. J., Dillingham, T. R., &amp; Pezzin, L. E. (2005). Phantom pain, residual limb pain and back pain in persons with limb loss: Results of a national survey. <cite>Archives of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation</cite>, <i>86</i>, 1910–1919.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008413" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEBC">Epping-Jordan, M., Waltkins, S. S., Koob, G. F., &amp; Markou, A. (1998). Dramatic decreases in brain reward function during nicotine withdrawal. <cite>Nature</cite>, <i>393</i>, 76–79.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008415" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEBD">Erdley, C. A., &amp; Dweck, C. S. (1993). Children’s implicit personality theories as predictors of their social judgments. <cite>Child Development</cite>, <i>64</i>, 863–878.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008417" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEBE">Erickson, K. I., Prakash, R. S., Voss, M. W., Chaddock, L., Hu, L., Morris, K. S., &amp; Kramer, A. F. (2009). Aerobic fitness is associated with hippocampal volume in elderly humans. <cite>Hippocampus</cite>, <i>19</i>(10), 1030–1039.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008419" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEBF">Erikson, E. H. (1950). <cite>Childhood and society</cite>. New York: Norton.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000841B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEC0">Erikson, E. H. (1959). Growth and crises of the healthy personality. <cite>Psychological Issues</cite>, <i>1</i>, 50–100.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000841D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEC1">Erikson, E. H. (1980). Elements of a psychoanalytic theory of psychosocial development. In S. Greenspan &amp; G. Pollock (Eds.), <cite>The course of life</cite>, (Vol. 1, pp. 11–61). Washington, DC: U.S. Dept. of Health and Human Services.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000841F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEC2">Erikson, E. H. (1982). <cite>The life cycle completed</cite>. New York: Norton.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008421" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEC3">Erikson, E. H., &amp; Erikson, J. M. (1997). <cite>The life cycle completed</cite>. New York: Norton.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008423" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEC4">Eriksson, M., Räikkönen, K., &amp; Eriksson, J. G. (2014). Early life stress and later health outcomes–findings from the Helsinki Birth Cohort Study. <cite>American Journal of Human Biology</cite>, <i>26</i>, 111–116.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008425" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEC5">Eriksson, P., Ankarberg, E., Viberg, H., &amp; Fredriksson, A. (2001). The developing cholinergic system as target for environmental toxicants, nicotine and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs): Implications for neurotoxicological processes in mice. <cite>Neurotoxicity Research</cite>, <i>3</i>(1), 37–51.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008427" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEC6">Ernst, A., Alkass, K., Bernard, S., Salehpour, M., Perl, S., Tisdale, J., . . . Frisen, J. (2014). Neurogenesis in the striatum of the adult human brain. <cite>Cell</cite>, <i>156</i>(5), 1072–1083. doi: 10.1016/j.cell.2014.01.044</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008429" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEC7">Ernst, A., &amp; Frisen, J. (2015). Adult neurogenesis in humans–common and unique traits in mammals. <em>PLoS Biology, 13</em>(1), e1002045. doi: 10.1371/journal.pbio.1002045</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000842B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEC8">Ernst, E. (2002). A systematic review of systematic reviews of homeopathy. <cite>British Journal of Clinical Pharmacology</cite>, <i>54</i>, 577–582.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000842D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEC9">Ernst, E. (2012). Homeopathy: A critique of current clinical research. <cite>Skeptical Inquirer</cite>, <i>36</i>(6). Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.csicop.org/si/show/homeopathy_a_critique_of_current_clinical_research/</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000842F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FECA">Eschenbeck, H., Kohlmann, C.-W., &amp; Lohaus, A. (2008). Gender differences in coping strategies in children and adolescents. <cite>Journal of Individual Differences</cite>, <i>28</i>(1), 18–26.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008431" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FECB">Eskenazi, B., Bradman, A., &amp; Castorina, R. (1999). Exposures of children to organophosphate pesticides and their potential adverse health effects. <cite>Environmental Health Perspectives</cite>, <i>107</i>(Suppl. 3), 409–419.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008433" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FECC">Esper, L. H., &amp; Furtado, E. F. (2014). Identifying maternal risk factors associated with fetal alcohol spectrum disorders: A systematic review. <cite>European Child &amp; Adolescent Psychiatry</cite>, <i>23</i>, 877–889.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008435" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FECD">Etkin, A., Egner, T., &amp; Kalisch, R. (2011). Emotional processing in anterior cingulate and medial prefrontal cortex. <cite>Trends in Cognitive Sciences</cite>, <i>15</i>(2), 85–93.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008437" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FECE">European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction (EMCDDA). (2015). <em>New psychoactive substances in Europe—An update from the EU Early Warning System</em>. Lisbon: Author.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008439" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FECF">Evans, D., Hodgkinson, B., O’Donnell, A., Nicholson, J., &amp; Walsh, K. (2000). The effectiveness of individual therapy and group therapy in the treatment of schizophrenia. In <cite>Best Practice</cite>, <i>5</i>(3), 1–54.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000843B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FED0">Evans, G. W. &amp; Kim, P. (2013). Childhood poverty, chronic stress, self-regulation, and coping. <em>Child Development Perspectives, 7</em>(1), 43–48.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000843D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FED1">Evans, I. M., &amp; Meyer, L. H. (1985). <cite>An educative approach to behavior problems: A practical decision model for interventions with severely handicapped learners</cite>. Baltimore: Paul H. Brookes.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000843F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FED2">Evans, P. (2015). Self-determination theory: An approach to motivation in music education. <cite>Musicae Scientiae</cite>, <i>19</i>(1), 65–83.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008441" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FED3">Evans, W. H., Evans, S. S., &amp; Schmid, R. E. (1989). <cite>Behavior and instructional management: An ecological approach</cite>. Boston: Allyn and Bacon.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008443" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FED4">Everson, S. (1995). Psychology. In J. Barnes (Ed.), <cite>The Cambridge companion to Aristotle</cite> (pp. 168–194). Cambridge, England: Cambridge University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008445" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FED5">Exner, J. E. (1980). But it’s only an inkblot. <cite>Journal of Personality Assessment</cite>, <i>44</i>, 562–577.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008447" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FED6">Eysenck, H. J. (1994). <cite>Test your IQ</cite>. Toronto: Penguin Books.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008449" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FED7">Eysenck, H. J., &amp; Eysenck, S. B. G. (1993). <cite>Eysenck personality questionnaire</cite> (Rev. ed.). London: Hodder &amp; Stoughton Educational.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000844B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FED8">Fagot, B. I., &amp; Hagan, R. (1991). Observations of parent reactions to sex-stereotyped behaviours: Age and sex effects. <cite>Child Development</cite>, <i>62</i>, 617–628.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000844D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FED9">Fairchild, G., Van Goozen, S. H., Stollery, S. J., &amp; Goodyer, I. M. (2008). Fear conditioning and affective modulation of the startle reflex in male adolescents with early-onset or adolescence-onset conduct disorder and healthy control subjects. <cite>Biological Psychiatry</cite> <i>63</i>(3), 279–285.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000844F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEDA">Fan, Q., Davis, N., Anderson, A. W., &amp; Cutting, L. E. (2014). Thalamo-cortical connectivity: What can diffusion tractography tell us about reading difficulties in children? <em>Brain Connectivity, 4</em>(6), 428–439. doi: 10.1089/brain.2013.0203</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008451" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEDB">Fanselow, M. S., &amp; Gale, G. D. (2003). The amygdala, fear, and memory. <cite>Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences</cite>, <i>985</i>, 125–134.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008453" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEDC">Fantz, R. L. (1961). The origin of form perception. <cite>Scientific American</cite>, <i>204</i>, 66–72.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008455" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEDD">Fantz, R. L. (1964). Visual experience in infants: Decreased attention to familiar patterns relative to novel ones. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>146</i>, 668–670.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008457" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEDE">Faraone, S. V., Biederman, J., &amp; Wozniak, J. (2012). Examining the comorbidity between attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and bipolar I disorder: A meta-analysis of family genetic studies. <cite>The American Journal of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>169</i>(12), 1256–1266. doi: 10.1176/appi.ajp.2012.12010087</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008459" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEDF">Farmer, A. E. (1996). The genetics of depressive disorders. <cite>International Review of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>8</i>(4), 369–372.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000845B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEE0">Farmer, L. M., Le, B. N., &amp; Nelson, D. J. (2013). CLC-3 chloride channels moderate long-term potentiation at Schaffer collateral-CA1 synapses. <cite>The Journal of Physiology</cite>, <i>591</i>(Pt 4), 1001–1015. doi: 10.1113/jphysiol.2012.243485</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000845D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEE1">Farthing, W. (1992). <cite>The psychology of consciousness</cite>. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000845F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEE2">Faucett, J., Gordon, N., &amp; Levine, J. (1994). Differences in postoperative pain severity among four ethnic groups. <cite>Journal of Pain Symptom Management</cite>, <i>9</i>, 383–389.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008461" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEE3">Fawzy, F. I., Fawzy, N. W., Hyun, C. S., Elashoff, R., Guthrie, D., Fahey, J. L., &amp; Morton, D. L. (1993). Malignant melanoma effects of an early structured psychiatric intervention, coping, and affective state on recurrence and survival 6 years later. <cite>Archives of General Psychiatry</cite>, <i>50</i>(9), 681–689.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008463" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEE4">Fazel-Rezai, R., &amp; Peters, J. F. (2005). P300 wave feature extraction: Preliminary results, in <cite>Proceedings of the 18th Annual Canadian Conference on Electrical and Computer Engineering (CCECE ‘05</cite>, pp. 390–393). Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008465" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEE5">Fazio, R. H., &amp; Olson, M. A. (2003). Attitudes: Foundations, functions, and consequences. In M. A. Hogg &amp; J. Cooper (Eds.), <cite>The Handbook of Social Psychology</cite> (pp. 139–160). London: Sage.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008467" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEE6">Fechner, G. T. (1860). <cite>Elemente der Psykophysik</cite>. Leipzig: Breitkopf und Härtel.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008469" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEE7">Federal Service for Surveillance of Consumer Rights Protection and Human Well-Being of the Russian Federation and UNAIDS. (2008). <cite>Country progress report of the Russian Federation on the implementation of the declaration of commitment on HIV/AIDS</cite>. Adopted at the 26th United Nations General Assembly Special Session, June 2001. Moscow, Russia: UNAIDS.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000846B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEE8">Fedoroff, I. C., &amp; McFarlane, T. (1998). Cultural aspects of eating disorders. In S. S. Kazarian &amp; D. R. Evans (Eds.), <cite>Cultural clinical psychology: Theory, research and practice</cite> (pp. 152–176). New York: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000846D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEE9">Feingold, A. (1992). Good-looking people are not what we think. <cite>Psychological Bulletin</cite>, <i>111</i>, 304–341.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000846F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEEA">Feldman, D. H. (2003). Cognitive development in childhood. In R. M. Lerner, M. A. Easterbrooks, J. Mistry, and I. B. Weiner (Eds.), <cite>Handbook of psychology: Developmental psychology</cite> (Vol. <i style="font-style: normal;">6</i>, pp. 195–201). New York: Wiley.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008471" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEEB">Ferenczi, E. A., Zalocusky, K. A., Liston, C., Grosenick, L., Warden, M. R., Amatya, D., . . . Deisseroth, K. (2016). Prefrontal cortical regulation of brainwide circuit dynamics and reward-related behavior. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>351</i>(6268). doi: 10.1126/science.aac9698</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008473" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEEC">Ferguson, C. J. (2015). Do Angry Birds make for angry children? A meta-analysis of video game influences on children’s and adolescents’ aggression, mental health, prosocial behavior, and academic performance. <cite>Perspectives on Psychological Science</cite>, <i>10</i>(5), 646–666. doi: 10.1177/1745691615592234</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008475" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEED">Ferguson, C. J., &amp; Kilburn, J. (2010). Much ado about nothing: The misestimation and overinterpretation of violent video game effects in Eastern and Western nations: Comment on Anderson et al. (2010). <cite>Psychological Bulletin</cite>, <i>136</i>(2), 174–178; discussion 182–177. doi: 10.1037/a0018566</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008477" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEEE">Ferguson, C. J., Rueda, S., Cruz, A., Ferguson, D., &amp; Fritz, S. (2008). Violent video games and aggression: Causal relationship or byproduct of family violence and intrinsic violence motivation? <cite>Criminal Justice and Behavior, 35</cite>(3), 311–332.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008479" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEEF">Ferguson, J. N., Aldag, J. M., Insel, T. R., &amp; Young, L. J. (2001). Oxytocin in the medial amygdala is essential for social recognition in the mouse. <cite>The Journal of Neuroscience</cite>, <i>21</i>(20), 8278–8285.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000847B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEF0">Ferguson, N. B., &amp; Keesey, R. E. (1975). Effect of a quinine-adulterated diet upon body weight maintenance in male rats with ventromedial hypothalamic lesions. <cite>Journal of Comparative Physiological Psychology</cite>, <i>89</i>(5), 478–488.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000847D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEF1">Ferguson-Noyes, N. (2005). Bipolar disorder in children. <cite>Advanced Nurse Practitioner</cite>, <i>13</i>, 35.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000847F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEF2">Fernald, A. (1984). The perceptual and affective salience of mothers’ speech to infants. In L. Feagans, C. Garvey, &amp; R. Golinkoff (Eds.), <cite style="font-style: normal;"><em>The origins and growth of communication, </em>5–29</cite>. Norwood, NJ: Ablex.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008481" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEF3">Fernald, A. (1992). Human maternal vocalizations to infants as biologically relevant signals: An evolutionary perspective. In J. H. Barkow, L. Cosmides, &amp; J. Tooby (Eds.), <cite style="font-style: normal;"><em>The adapted mind: Evolutionary psychology and the generation of culture, </em>391–448</cite>. New York: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008483" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEF4">Fernandez, E., &amp; Sheffield, J. (1996). Relative contributions of life events versus daily hassles to the frequency and intensity of headaches. <cite>Headache</cite>, <i>36</i>(10), 595–602.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008485" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEF5">Feroah, T. R., Sleeper, T., Brozoski, D., Forder, J., Rice, T. B., &amp; Forster, H. V. (2004). <cite>Circadian slow wave sleep and movement behavior are under genetic control in inbred strains of rat</cite>. Paper presented at the American Physiological Society Annual Conference, April 17–21, 2004, Washington, DC.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008487" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEF6">Feshbach, M. (2008, August 13), What’s in a number? A new projection by Pokrovskiy’s Center for HIV prevention and treatment and some consequences for Russia, Johnson’s Russia List. Retrieved June 17, 2010, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.cdi.org/russia/johnson/2008–153-36.cfm</span>.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008489" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEF7">Festinger, L. (1954). A theory of social comparison processes. <cite>Human Relations</cite>, <i>7</i>, 117–140.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000848B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEF8">Festinger, L. (1957). <cite>A theory of cognitive dissonance</cite>. Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000848D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEF9">Festinger, L., &amp; Carlsmith, J. (1959). $1/$20 experiment: Cognitive consequences of forced compliance. <cite>Journal of Abnormal and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>58</i>(2), 203–210.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000848F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEFA">Fevre, M. L., Kolt, G. S., &amp; Matheny, J. (2006). Eustress, distress and their interpretation in primary and secondary occupational stress management interventions: Which way first? <em>Journal of Managerial Psychology, 21</em>(6), 547–565.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008491" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEFB">Fiatarone, M. (1996). Physical activity and functional independence in aging. <cite>Research Quarterly for Exercise &amp; Sport</cite>, <i>67</i>, 70–75.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008493" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEFC">Fields, R. D. (2014). Neuroscience. Myelin–more than insulation. <em>Science, 344</em>(6181), 264–266. doi: 10.1126/science.1253851</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008495" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEFD">Fincham, F. D., Harold, G. T., &amp; Gano-Phillips, S. (2000). The longitudinal association between attributions and marital satisfaction: Direction of effects and role of efficacy expectations. <cite>Journal of Family Psychology</cite>, <i>14</i>, 267–285.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008497" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEFE">Finger, S. (1994). <cite>Origins of neuroscience: A history of explorations into brain function</cite>. New York: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008499" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FEFF">Fink, M. (1984). Meduna and the origins of convulsive therapy. <cite>American Journal of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>141</i>, 1034–1041.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000849B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF00">Finke, C., Esfahani, N. E., &amp; Ploner, C. J. (2012). Preservation of musical memory in an amnesic professional cellist. <cite>Current Biology</cite>, <i>22</i>(15), R59.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000849D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF01">Finke, R. (1995). Creative realism. In S. Smith, T. Ward &amp; R. Finke (Eds.), <cite>The creative cognition approach</cite> (pp. 301–326). Cambridge, MA: Cambridge University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000849F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF02">Finkel, D., &amp; McGue, M. (1997). Sex differences and nonadditivity in heritability of the Multidimensional Personality Questionnaire scales. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>72</i>, 929–938.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084A1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF03">Fioriti, L., Myers, C., Huang, Y. Y., Li, X., Stephan, J. S., Trifilieff, P., . . . Kandel, E. R. (2015). The persistence of hippocampal-based memory requires protein synthesis mediated by the prion-like protein cpeb3. <cite>Neuron</cite>, <i>86</i>(6), 1433–1448. doi: 10.1016/j.neuron.2015.05.021</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084A3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF04">Fischl, B., Liu, A., &amp; Dale, A. M. (2001). Automated manifold surgery: Constructing geometrically accurate and topologically correct models of the human cerebral cortex. <cite>IEEE Transactions on Medical Imaging</cite>, <i>20</i>, 70–80.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084A5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF05">Fisher, M., Holland, C., Merzenich, M. M., &amp; Vinogradov, S. (2009). Using neuroplasticity-based auditory training to improve verbal memory in schizophrenia. <cite>The American Journal of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>166</i>(7), 805–811.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084A7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF06">Fisher, P. L., &amp; Wells, A. (2005). How effective are cognitive and behavioral treatments for obsessive–compulsive disorder? A clinical significance analysis. <cite>Behaviour Research and Therapy</cite>, <i>43</i>(12), 1543–1558. doi: <span class="url-obsolete">http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.brat.2004.11.007</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084A9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF07">Fisher, R., Salanova, V., Witt, T., Worth, R., Henry, T., Gross, R., &amp; Graves, N. (2010). Electrical stimulation of the anterior nucleus of thalamus for treatment of refractory epilepsy. <cite>Epilepsia, 17</cite>, 17.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084AB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF08">Fiske, S. T. (1998). Stereotyping, prejudice, and discrimination. In D. T. Gilbert &amp; S. T. Fiske (Eds.), <cite>The handbook of social psychology</cite> (4th ed., Vol. 2, pp. 357–411). New York: McGraw-Hill.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084AD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF09">Fitzpatrick, M. (2004). <em>MMR and autism</em>. New York: Routledge.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084AF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF0A">Fivush, R., Haden, C., &amp; Reese, E. (1996). Remembering, recounting, and reminiscing: The development of autobiographical memory in social context. In D. C. Rubin (Ed.), <cite>Remembering our past: Studies in autobiographical memory</cite> (pp. 341–359). New York: Cambridge University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084B1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF0B">Fivush, R., &amp; Nelson, K. (2004). Culture and language in the emergence of autobiographical memory. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>15</i>(9), 573.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084B3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF0C">Flaherty, J. A., &amp; Adams, S. A. (1998). Therapist–patient race and sex matching: Predictors of treatment duration. <cite>Psychiatric Times</cite>, <i>15</i>(1), 1–4.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084B5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF0D">Flanagan, D. P., &amp; Dixon, S. G. (2013). The Cattell-Horn-Carroll theory of cognitive abilities. In C. R. Reynolds, K. J. Vannest, &amp; E. Fletcher-Janzen (Eds.), <em>Encyclopedia of special education</em> (pp. 368–382). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley &amp; Sons.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084B7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF0E">Flaskerud, J. H. (1991). Effects of an Asian client–therapist language, ethnicity and gender match on utilization and outcome of therapy. <cite>Community Mental Health Journal</cite>, <i>27</i>, 31–42.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084B9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF0F">Flavell, J. H. (1999). Cognitive development: Children’s knowledge about the mind. <cite>Annual Review of Psychology</cite>, <i>50</i>, 21–45.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084BB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF10">Flegal, K. M., Carroll, M. D. &amp; Ogden, C. L. (2012). Prevalence of obesity and trends in the distribution of body mass index among US adults, 1999–2010. <cite>Journal of the American Medical Association</cite>, <i>307</i>(5): 491–497.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084BD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF11">Fleming, M. F., &amp; Barry, K. L. (1992). Clinical overview of alcohol and drug disorders. In M. F. Fleming &amp; K. L. Barry (Eds.), <cite style="font-style: normal;"><em>Addictive disorders, </em>3–21</cite>. St. Louis: Mosby Year Book.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084BF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF12">Flemons, W. W. (2002). Obstructive sleep apnea. <cite>New England Journal of Medicine</cite>, <i>347</i>, 498–504.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084C1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF13">Flinker, A., Korzeniewska, A., Shestyuk, A. Y., Franaszczuk, P. J., Dronkers, N. F., Knight, R. T., &amp; Crone, N. E. (2015). Redefining the role of Broca’s area in speech. <cite>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America</cite>, <i>112</i>(9), 2871–2875. doi: 10.1073/pnas.1414491112</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084C3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF14">Flint, J. &amp; Munafò, M. (2014). Schizophrenia: Genesis of a complex disease. <cite>Nature</cite>, <i>511</i>, 412–413. doi: 10.1038/nature13645</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084C5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF15">Flor, H., Elbert, T., Knecht, S., Wienbruch, C., Pantev, C., Birbaumer, N., . . . Taub, E. (1995). Phantom-limb pain as a perceptual correlate of cortical reorganization following arm amputation. <cite>Nature</cite>, <i>375</i>(6531), 482–484. doi: 10.1038/375482a0</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084C7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF16">Floresco, S. B. (2015). The nucleus accumbens: An interface between cognition, emotion, and action. <cite>Annual Review of Psychology</cite>, <i>66</i>, 25–52. doi: 10.1146/annurev-psych-010213–115159</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084C9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF17">Flynn, J. R. (2009). <cite>What is intelligence? Beyond the Flynn effect</cite>. New York: Cambridge University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084CB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF18">Foa, E. B., Hembree, E. A., &amp; Rothbaum, B. O. (2007). <cite>Prolonged exposure therapy for PTSD: Emotional processing of traumatic experiences, therapist guide</cite>. New York: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084CD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF19">Foland-Ross, L. C., Sacchet, M. D., Prasad, G., Gilbert, B., Thompson, P. M., &amp; Gotlib, I. H. (2015). Cortical thickness predicts the first onset of major depression in adolescence. <cite>International Journal of Developmental Science</cite>, <i>46</i>, 125–131. doi: 10.1016/j.ijdevneu.2015.07.007</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084CF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF1A">Folkard, S., Arendt, J., &amp; Clark, M. (1993). Can melatonin improve shift workers’ tolerance of the night shift? Some preliminary findings. <cite>Chronobiology International: The Journal of Biological and Medical Rhythm Research</cite>, <i>10</i>(5), 315–320.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084D1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF1B">Folkard, S., Lombardi, D. A., &amp; Spencer, M. B. (2006). Estimating the circadian rhythm in the risk of occupational injuries and accidents. <cite>Chronobiology International: The Journal of Biological and Medical Rhythm Research</cite>, <i>23</i>(6), 1181–1192.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084D3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF1C">Folkard, S., Lombardi, D. A., &amp; Tucker, P. (2005). Shiftwork: Safety, sleepiness, and sleep. <cite>Industrial Health</cite>, <i>43</i>(1), 20–23.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084D5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF1D">Folkard, S., &amp; Tucker, P. (2003). Shift work, safety, and productivity. <cite>Medicine</cite>, <i>53</i>, 95–101.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084D7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF1E">Folkman, S. (1997). Positive psychological states and coping with severe stress. <cite>Social Science and Medicine</cite>, <i>45</i>, 1207–1221.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084D9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF1F">Folkman, S., &amp; Chesney, M. A. (1995). Coping with HIV infection. In M. Stein &amp; A. Baum (Eds.), <cite>Perspectives in behavioral medicine</cite> (pp. 115–133). Hillsdale, NJ: Lawrence Erlbaum.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084DB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF20">Folkman, S., &amp; Lazarus, R. S. (1980). An analysis of coping in a middle-aged community sample. <cite>Journal of Health and Social Behavior</cite>, <i>21</i>(3), 219–239.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084DD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF21">Follett, K. J., &amp; Hess, T. M. (2002). Aging, cognitive complexity, and the fundamental attribution error. <cite>Journals of Gerontology Series B: Psychological Sciences and Social Sciences</cite>, <i>57</i>, 312–323.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084DF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF22">Forbes, G., Zhang, X., Doroszewicz, K., &amp; Haas, K. (2009). Relationships between individualism-collectivism, gender, and direct or indirect aggression: a study in China, Poland, and the U.S. <cite>Aggressive Behavior</cite>, <i>35</i>(1), 24–30.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084E1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF23">Forman, E. (n.d.). Behavioral activation for depression. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.div12.org/psychological-treatments/disorders/depression/behavioral-activation-for-depression/</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084E3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF24">Fornito, A., Yucel, M., &amp; Pantelis, C. (2009). Reconciling neuroimaging and neuropathological findings in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. <cite>Current Opinion in Psychiatry</cite>, <i>22</i>(3), 312–319.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084E5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF25">Forster, S., &amp; Lavie, N. (2016). Establishing the attention-distractibility trait. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>27</i>(2), 203–212. doi: 10.1177/0956797615617761</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084E7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF26">Forsyth, J., Schoenthaler, A., Chaplin, W. F., Ogedegbe, G., &amp; Ravenell, J. (2014). Perceived discrimination and medication adherence in black hypertensive patients: The role of stress and depression. <cite>Psychosomatic Medicine</cite>, <i>76</i>, 229–236.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084E9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF27"><i style="font-style: normal;">Fortuna, L. R., Alegria, M., &amp; Gao, S.<em> </em>(2010). Retention in depression treatment among ethnic and racial minority groups in the United States. <em><cite>Depression and Anxiety</cite>, 27</em>(5), 485–494. doi: 10.1002/da.20685</i></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084EB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF28"><cite>Fortune</cite>. (2013). Best companies to work for 2013. Retrieved May 30, 2013, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://money.cnn.com/magazines/fortune/best-companies/</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084ED" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF29">Foulkes, D. (1982). <cite>Children’s dreams</cite>. New York: Wiley.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084EF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF2A">Foulkes, D., &amp; Schmidt, M. (1983). Temporal sequence and unit comparison composition in dream reports from different stages of sleep. <cite>Sleep</cite>, <i>6</i>, 265–280.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084F1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF2B">Fournier, J. C., &amp; Price, R. B. (2014). Psychotherapy and neuroimaging. <cite>Focus (Am Psychiatr Publ)</cite>, <i>12</i>(3), 290–298. doi: 10.1176/appi.focus.12.3.290</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084F3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF2C">Fox, M. C., &amp; Mitchum, A. L. (2013). A knowledge-based theory of rising scores on “culture-free” tests. <cite>Journal of Experimental Psychology: General</cite>, <i>142</i>(3), 979–1000. doi: 10.1037/a0030155</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084F5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF2D">Frank, D. W., Dewitt, M., Hudgens-Haney, M., Schaeffer, D. J., Ball, B. H., Schwarz, N. F., Hussein, A. A., Smart, L. M., &amp; Sabatinelli, D. (2014). Emotion regulation: Quantitative meta-analysis of functional activation and deactivation. <cite>Neuroscience and Biobehavioral Reviews</cite>, <i>45</i>, 202–211.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084F7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF2E">Frank, M. G., &amp; Benington, J. (2006). The role of sleep in brain plasticity: Dream or reality? <cite>The Neuroscientist</cite>, <i>12</i>: 477–488.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084F9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF2F">Franke, R. H., &amp; Kaul, J. D. (1978). The Hawthorne experiments: First statistical interpretation. <cite>American Sociological Review</cite>, <i>43</i>, 623–643.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084FB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF30">Frankel, B. R., &amp; Piercy, F. P. (1990). The relationship among selected supervisor, therapist, and client behaviors. <cite>Journal of Marital and Family Therapy</cite>, <i>16</i>, 407–421.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084FD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF31">Franklin, D. (1990). Hooked: Why isn’t everyone an addict? <cite>In Health</cite>, <i>4</i>(6), 38–52.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000084FF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF32">Fredrickson, B. L., Maynard, K. E., Helms, M. J., Haney, T. L., Siegler, I. C., &amp; Barefoot, J. C. (2000). Hostility predicts magnitude and duration of blood pressure response to anger. <cite>Journal of Behavioral Medicine</cite>, <i>23</i>, 229–243.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008501" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF33">Freedman, J., &amp; Fraser, S. (1966). Compliance without pressure: The foot-in-the-door technique. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>4</i>, 195–202.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008503" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF34">Freeman, A., Simon, K. M., Beutler, L. E., &amp; Arkowitz, H. (Eds.). (1989). <cite>Comprehensive handbook of cognitive therapy</cite>. New York: Plenum Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008505" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF35">Freeman, J. (2001). <cite>Gifted children grown up</cite>. London: David Fulton.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008507" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF36">Freeman, W., &amp; Watts, J. W. (1937). Prefrontal lobotomy in the treatment of mental disorders. <cite>Southern Medical Journal</cite>, <i>30</i>, 23–31.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008509" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF37">Freese, J., Powell, B., &amp; Steelman, L. C. (1999). Rebel without a cause or effect: Birth order and social attitudes. <cite>American Sociological Review</cite>, <i>64</i>, 207–231.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000850B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF38">Frenda, S. J., Patihis, L., Loftus, E. F., Lewis, H. C., &amp; Fenn, K. M. (2014). Sleep deprivation and false memories. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>25</i>(9), 1674–1681.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000850D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF39">Frensch, P. A., &amp; Runger, D. (2003). Implicit learning. <cite>Current Directions in Psychological Science</cite>, <i>12</i>, 13–18.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000850F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF3A">Freud, A. (1946). <cite>The ego and the mechanisms of defense. American Edition</cite>, New York: I.U.P.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008511" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF3B">Freud, S. (1900). <cite>The interpretation of dreams</cite>. <i>S.E., 4–5</i>. (cf. J. Crick, Trans., 1999). London: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008513" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF3C">Freud, S. (1901). <cite>The psychopathology of everyday life</cite>. <i>S.E., 6</i>, 1–290.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008515" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF3D">Freud, S. (1904a). <cite>Psychopathology of everyday life</cite>. New York: Macmillan; London: Fisher Unwin.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008517" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF3E">Freud, S. (1904b). Freud’s psycho-analytic procedure. <i>S.E., 7</i>, 249–254.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008519" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF3F">Freud, S. (1923). The ego and the id. <i>S.E., 19</i>, 12–66.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000851B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF40">Freud, S. (1930). <cite>Civilization and its discontents</cite>. New York: Jonathon Cape and Co.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000851D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF41">Freud, S. (1933). <cite>New introductory lectures on psycho-analysis</cite>. London: Hogarth.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000851F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF42">Freud, S. (1940). Splitting of the ego in the process of defence. <cite>International Journal of Psychoanalysis</cite>, <i>22</i>, 65 [1938], S.E., 23, 275–278.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008521" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF43">Freud, S. (1977). <cite>Inhibitions, symptoms and anxiety. Standard edition of the complete works of Sigmund Freud</cite>. New York: W. W. Norton.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008523" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF44">Fridlund, A. J., Beck, H. P., Goldie, W. D., &amp; Irons, G. (2012). Little Albert: A neurologically impaired child. <cite>History of Psychology</cite>, <i>15</i>(4), 302–327.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008525" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF45">Friedman, J. M. (2000). Obesity in the new millennium. <cite>Nature</cite>, <i>404</i>, 632–634.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008527" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF46">Friedman, J. M. (2003). A war on obesity, not the obese. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>299</i>(5608), 856–858.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008529" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF47">Friedman, J. M., &amp; Halaas, J. L. (1998). Leptin and the regulation of body weight in mammals. <cite>Nature</cite>, <i>395</i>, 763.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000852B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF48">Friedman, M., &amp; Kasanin, J. D. (1943). Hypertension in only one of identical twins. <cite>Archives of Internal Medicine</cite>, <i>72</i>, 767–774.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000852D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF49">Friedman, M., &amp; Rosenman, R. H. (1959). Association of specific behavior pattern with blood and cardiovascular findings. <cite>Journal of the American Medical Association</cite>, <i>169</i>, 1286–1296.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000852F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF4A">Friederich, H.-C., Wu, M., Simon, J. J., &amp; Herzog, W. (2013). Neurocircuit function in eating disorders. <cite>International Journal of Eating Disorders</cite>, <i>46</i>(5), 425–432. doi: 10.1002/eat.22099</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008531" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF4B">Friesdorf, R., Conway, P., &amp; Gawronski, B. (2015). Gender differences in responses to moral dilemmas: A process dissociation analysis. <cite>Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</cite>, <i>41</i>(5), 696–713.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008533" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF4C">Frimer, J. A., Gaucher, D., &amp; Schaefer, N. K. (2014). Political conservatives’ affinity for obedience to authority is loyal, not blind. <cite>Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</cite>, <i>40</i>(9), 1205–1214. doi: 10.1177/0146167214538672</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008535" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF4D">Froh, J. J. (2004). The history of positive psychology: Truth be told. <cite>NYS Psychologist</cite>, <i>16</i>(3), 18–20.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008537" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF4E">Frontera, W. R., Hughes, V. A., Lutz, K. J., &amp; Evans, W. J. (1991). A cross-sectional study of muscle strength and mass in 45- to 78-year-old men and women. <cite>Journal of Applied Physiology</cite>, <i>71</i>, 644–650.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008539" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF4F">Frostegård, J. (2013). Immunity, atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease. <cite>BMC Medicine</cite>, <i>11</i>, 117. doi: 10.1186/1741–7015-11–117</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000853B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF50">Frühmesser, A., &amp; Kotzot, D. (2011). Chromosomal variants in Klinefelter syndrome. <cite>Sexual Development</cite>, <i>5</i>(3), 109–123.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000853D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF51">Frydenberg, E., Lewis, R., Ardila, R., Cairns, E., &amp; Kennedy, G. (2001). Adolescent concern with social issues: An exploratory comparison between Australian, Colombian and North Irish students. <cite>Journal of Peace Psychology</cite>, <i>7</i>, 59–76.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000853F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF52">Fulcher, J. S. (1942). “Voluntary” facial expression in blind and seeing children. <cite>Archives of Psychology</cite>, <i>38</i>, 1–49.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008541" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF53">Furumoto, L. (1979). Mary Whiton Calkins (1863–1930): Fourteenth president of the American Psychological Association. <cite>Journal of the History of Behavioral Sciences</cite>, <i>15</i>, 346–356.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008543" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF54">Furumoto, L. (1991). From “paired associates” to a psychology of self: The intellectual odyssey of Mary Whiton Calkins. In A. Kimble, M. Wertheimer, &amp; C. White (Ed.), <cite>Portraits of pioneers in psychology</cite> (pp. 57–72). Washington, DC: American Psychological Association.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008545" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF55">Gable, R. S. (2004). Acute toxic effects of club drugs. <cite>Journal of Psychoactive Drugs</cite>, <i>36</i>(1), 303–313.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008547" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF56">Gado, M. (2004). A cry in the night: The Kitty Genovese murder. <cite>Court TV’s Crime Library: Criminal Minds and Methods</cite>. Retrieved August 2, 2004, from <span class="url-obsolete">www.crimelibrary.com/serial_killers/predators/kitty_genovese/1.html?sect=2</span>.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008549" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF57">Galanaki, E. P. (2012). The imaginary audience and the personal fable: A test of Elkind’s theory of adolescent egocentrism. <cite>PSYCH</cite>, 3(6), 457–466.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000854B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF58">Galante, M., &amp; Zeveloff, J. (2012). Harvard is investigating 125 undergrads in massive cheating scandal. <em>Business Insider</em>, August 30. Retrieved <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.businessinsider.com/harvard-cheating-scandal-2012–8</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000854D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF59">Gale, J. T., Shields, D. C., Ishizawa, Y., &amp; Eskkandar, E. N. (2016). Reward and reinforcement activity in the nucleus accumbens during learning. <cite>Frontiers of Behavioral Neuroscience</cite>, <i>15</i>(1), 114.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000854F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF5A">Galea, S., Resnick, H., Kilpatrick, D., Bucuvalas, M., Gold, J., &amp; Vlahov, D. (2002, March 28). Psychological sequelae of the September 11 terrorist attacks in New York City. <cite>New England Journal of Medicine</cite>, <i>346</i>(13), 982–987.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008551" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF5B">Gallagher, R. P. (2009). National Survey of Counseling Center Directors, 2009. <cite>The American College Counseling Association (ACCA)</cite>. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.iacsinc.org/2009%20National%20Survey.pdf</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008553" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF5C">Gallistel, C. R., &amp; Matzel, L. D. (2013). The neuroscience of learning: Beyond the Hebbian synapse. <cite>Annual Review of Psychology</cite>, <i>64</i>, 169–200.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008555" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF5D">Gamwell, L., &amp; Tomes, N. (1995). <cite>Madness in America: Cultural and medical perspectives of mental illness before 1914</cite>. Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008557" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF5E">Ganchrow, J. R., Steiner, J. E., &amp; Munif, D. (1983). Neonatal facial expressions in response to different qualities and intensities of gustatory stimuli. <cite>Infant Behavior Development</cite>, <i>6</i>, 473–478.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008559" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF5F">Gandhi, A. V., Mosser, E. A., Oikonomou, G., &amp; Prober, D. A. (2015). Melatonin is required for the circadian regulation of sleep. <em>Neuron, 85</em>, 1193–1199.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000855B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF60">Ganis, G., Thompson, W. L., &amp; Kosslyn, S. M. (2004). Brain areas underlying visual mental imagery and visual perception: An fMRI study. <cite>Cognitive Brain Research</cite>, <i>20</i>(2), 226–241.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000855D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF61">Garb, H. N., Florio, C. M., &amp; Grove, W. M. (1998). The validity of the Rorschach and the Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory: Results from metaanalyses. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>9</i>, 402–404.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000855F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF62">Garcia, J., Brett, L. P., &amp; Rusiniak, K. W. (1989). Limits of Darwinian conditioning. In S. B. Klein &amp; R. R. Mowrer (Eds.), <cite>Contemporary learning theories: Instrumental conditioning theory and the impact of biological constraints on learning</cite> (pp. 237–275). Hillsdale, NJ: Erlbaum.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008561" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF63">Garcia, J., &amp; Koelling, R. A. (1966). Relation of cue to consequence in avoidance learning. <cite>Psychonomic Science</cite>, <i>4</i>, 123.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008563" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF64">García-Campayo, J., Fayed, N., Serrano-Blanco, A., &amp; Roca, M. (2009). Brain dysfunction behind functional symptoms: Neuroimaging and somatoform, conversive, and dissociative disorders. <cite>Current Opinion in Psychiatry</cite>, <i>22</i>(2), 224–231.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008565" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF65">Gardner, E. P., &amp; Johnson, K. O. (2013). Sensory coding. In E. R. Kandel, J. H. Schwartz, T. M. Jessell, S. A. Siegelbaum, &amp; A. J. Hudspeth (Eds.), <cite>Principles of neural science</cite> (5th ed., pp. 449–474). New York: McGraw-Hill.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008567" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF66">Gardner, H. (1993a). <cite>Creating minds: An anatomy of creativity seen through the lives of Freud, Einstein, Picasso, Stravinsky, Eliot, Graham, and Ghandi</cite>. New York: Basic Books.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008569" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF67">Gardner, H. (1993b). <cite>Multiple intelligences: The theory in practice</cite>. New York: Basic Books.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000856B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF68">Gardner, H. (1998). Are there additional intelligences? The case for naturalist, spiritual, and existential intelligences. In J. Kane (Ed.), <cite>Education, information, and transformation</cite> (pp. 111–131). Upper Saddle River, NJ: Merrill-Prentice Hall.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000856D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF69">Gardner, H. (1999a). <cite>Intelligence reframed: Multiple intelligences for the 21st century</cite>. New York: Basic Books.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000856F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF6A">Gardner, H. (1999b, February). Who owns intelligence? <cite>Atlantic Monthly</cite>, 67–76.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008571" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF6B">Gardner, H., Kornhaber, M. L., &amp; Wake, W. K. (1996). <cite>Intelligence: Multiple perspectives</cite>. Orlando, FL: Harcourt Brace &amp; Co.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008573" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF6C">Gardner, H., &amp; Moran, S. (2006). The science in multiple intelligences: A response to Lynn Waterhouse. <cite>Educational Psychologist</cite>, <i>41</i>, 227–232.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008575" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF6D">Gardner, J., &amp; Oswald, A. J. (2004). How is mortality affected by money, marriage, and stress? <cite>Journal of Health Economics</cite>, <i>23</i>(6), 1181–1207.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008577" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF6E">Gardner, R. J. M., &amp; Sutherland, G. R. (1996). Chromosome abnormalities and genetic counseling. <cite>Oxford Monographics on Medical Genetics</cite> <em>No.</em> <i>29.</i> New York: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008579" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF6F">Garland, E. L., Geschwind, N., Peeters, F., &amp; Wichers, M. (2015). Mindfulness training promotes upward spirals of positive affect and cognition: Multilevel and autoregressive latent trajectory modeling analyses. <cite>Frontiers in Psychology</cite>, <i>6</i>, 15.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000857B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF70">Garnier-Dykstra, L. M., Caldeira, K. M., Vincent, K. B., O’Grady, K. E., &amp; Arria, A. M. (2012). Nonmedical use of prescription stimulants during college: Four-year trends in exposure opportunity, use, motives, and sources. <cite>Journal of American College Health</cite>, <i>60</i>(3), 226–234. doi: 10.1080/07448481.2011.589876</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000857D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF71">Gazzaniga, M. S. (2006). <cite>The ethical brain: The science of our moral dilemmas</cite>. New York: HarperCollins.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000857F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF72">Gazzaniga, M. S. (2009). <cite>Human: The science behind what makes us unique</cite>. New York: Harper Perennial.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008581" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF73">Geary, J. P. (2001). <cite>Bridging culture through school counseling: Theoretical understanding and practical solutions</cite> (Unpublished master’s thesis). California State University, Northridge.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008583" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF74">Gebhard, P. H., &amp; Johnson, A. B. (1979/1998). <cite>The Kinsey data: Marginal tabulations of 1938–1963 interviews conducted by the Institute for Sex Research</cite>. Philadelphia: W. B. Saunders.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008585" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF75">Geddes, D. P. (Ed.). (1954). <cite>An analysis of the Kinsey reports</cite>. New York: New American Library.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008587" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF76">Geen, R. G., &amp; Thomas, S. L. (1986). The immediate effects of media violence on behavior. <cite>Journal of Social Issues</cite>, <i>42</i>, 7–27.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008589" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF77">Geier, J., Bernáth, L., Hudák, M., &amp; Sára, L. (2008). Straightness as the main factor of the Hermann grid illusion. <cite>Perception</cite>, <i>37</i>(5), 651–665.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000858B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF78">Gelder, M. (1976). Flooding. In T. Thompson &amp; W. Dockens (Eds.), <cite>Applications of behavior modification</cite> (pp. 250–298). New York: Academic Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000858D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF79">Geliebter, A. (1988). Gastric distension and gastric capacity in relation to food intake in humans. <cite>Physiological Behavior</cite>, <i>44</i>, 665–668.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000858F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF7A">Geller, A. I., Shehab, N., Weidle, N. J., Lovegrove, M. C., Wolpert, B. J., Timbo, B. B., Mozersky, R. P., &amp; Budnitz, D. S. (2015). Emergency department visits for adverse events related to dietary supplements. <cite>New England Journal of Medicine, 373</cite>, 1531–1540.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008591" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF7B">Geller, B., Williams, M., Zimerman, B., Frazier, J., Beringer, L., &amp; Warner, K. L. (1998). Prepubertal and early adolescent bipolarity differentiate from ADHD by manic symptoms, grandiose delusions, ultra-rapid or ultradian cycling. <cite>Journal of Affective Disorders</cite>, <i>51</i>(2), 81–91.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008593" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF7C">Gelman, S. A., &amp; Markman, E. M. (1986). Categories and induction in young children. <cite>Cognition</cite>, <i>23</i>, 183–209.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008595" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF7D">Gentile, D. A. (2015). What is a good skeptic to do? The case for skepticism in the media violence discussion. <cite>Perspectives on Psychological Science, 10</cite>(5), 674–676. doi: 10.1177/1745691615592238</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008597" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF7E">Gentile, D. A., &amp; Bushman, B. J. (2012). Reassessing media violence effects using a risk and resilience approach to understanding aggression. <cite>Psychology of Popular Media Culture,</cite> <i>1</i>(3), 138–151. doi: 10.1037/a0028481</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008599" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF7F">Gershoff, E. T. (2000). The short- and long-term effects of corporal punishment on children: A meta-analytical review. In D. Elliman &amp; M. A. Lynch, <cite>The physical punishment of children</cite> (pp. 196–198).</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000859B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF80">Gershoff, E. T. (2002). Corporal punishment by parents: Effects on children and links to physical abuse. <cite>Child Law Practice</cite>, <i>21</i>(10), 154–157.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000859D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF81">Gershoff, E. T. (2010). More harm than good: A summary of scientific research on the intended and unintended effects of corporal punishment on children. <cite>Law and Contemporary Problems</cite>, <i>73</i>(31), 31–56.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000859F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF82">Geschwind, D. H., &amp; Iacoboni, M. (2007). Structural and functional asymmetries of the frontal lobes. In B. L. Miller &amp; J. K. Cummings (Eds.), <cite>The human frontal lobes</cite> (2nd ed., pp. 68–91). New York: Guilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085A1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF83">Ghaziri, J., Tucholka, A., Larue, V., Blanchette-Sylvestre, M., Reyburn, G., Gilbert, G., … Beauregard, M. (2013). Neurofeedback training induces changes in white and gray matter. <cite style="font-style: normal;"><em>Clinical EEG and Neuroscience, 44</em>(4), 265–272</cite>. doi: 10.1177/1550059413476031</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085A3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF84">Giachero, M., Calfa, G. D., &amp; Molina, V. A. (2015). Hippocampal dendritic spines remodeling and fear memory are modulated by gabaergic signaling within the basolateral amygdala complex. <cite>Hippocampus, 25</cite>(5), 545–555. doi: 10.1002/hipo.22409</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085A5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF85">Gianaros, P. J., &amp; Wager, T. D. (2015). Brain-body pathways linking psychological stress and physical health. <cite>Current Directions in Psychological Science, 24</cite>, 313–321.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085A7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF86">Giancola, F. (2006). The generation gap: More myth than reality. <cite>Human Resource Planning</cite>, <i>29</i>(4), 32–37.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085A9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF87">Gibbons, J. L., Stiles, D. A., &amp; Shkodriani, G. M. (1991). Adolescents’ attitudes toward family and gender roles: An international comparison. <cite>Sex Roles</cite>, <i>25</i>, 625–643.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085AB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF88">Gibbons, R. D., Brown, C. H., Hur, K., Davis, J., &amp; Mann, J. J. (2012). Suicidal thoughts and behavior with antidepressant treatment: Reanalysis of the randomized placebo-controlled studies of fluoxetine and venlafaxine. <cite>Archives of General Psychiatry</cite>, <i>69</i>(6), 580–587. doi: 10.1001/archgenpsychiatry.2011.2048</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085AD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF89">Gibson, E. J., &amp; Walk, R. D. (1960). The “visual cliff.” <cite>Scientific American</cite>, <i>202</i>, 67–71.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085AF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF8A">Giedd, J. N., Raznahan, A., Alexander-Bloch, A., Schmitt, E., Gogtay, N., &amp; Rapoport, J. L. (2015). Child psychiatry branch of the National Institute of Mental Health longitudinal structural magnetic resonance imaging study of human brain development. <cite>Neuropsychopharmacology</cite>, <i>40</i>(1), 43–49. doi: 10.1038/npp.2014.236</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085B1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF8B">Gilberg, C., &amp; Coleman, M. (2000). <cite>The biology of the autistic syndromes</cite> (3rd ed.). London: Mac Keith Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085B3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF8C">Gilbert, S. J. (1981). Another look at the Milgram obedience studies: The role of the graduated series of shocks. <cite>Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</cite>, <i>7</i>(4), 690–695.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085B5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF8D">Gill, S. T. (1991). Carrying the war into the never-never land of psi. <cite>Skeptical Inquirer</cite>, <i>15</i>(1), 269–273.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085B7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF8E">Gillen-O’Neel, C., Huynh, V. W., &amp; Fuligni, A. J. (2012). To study or to sleep? The academic costs of extra studying at the expense of sleep. <cite>Child Development</cite>, <i>84</i>(1): 133–142.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085B9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF8F">Gillespie, M. A., Kim, B. H., Manheim, L. J., Yoo, T., Oswald, F. L., &amp; Schmitt, N. (2002, June). The development and validation of biographical data and situational judgment tests in the prediction of college student success. Presented in A. M. Ryan (Chair), <cite>Beyond g: Expanding thinking on predictors of college success</cite>. Symposium conducted at the 14th Annual Convention of the American Psychological Society, New Orleans, LA.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085BB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF90">Gilley, B. J. (2006). Chapter three: “Adapting to homophobia among Indians.” In Brian Joseph Gilley (Ed.), <cite>Becoming two-spirit: Gay identity and social acceptance in Indian Country</cite> (pp. 51–86). Lincoln: University of Nebraska Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085BD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF91">Gillham, B., Tanner, G., Cheyne, B., Freeman, I., Rooney, M., &amp; Lambie, A. (1998). Unemployment rates, single parent density, and indices of child poverty: Their relationship to different categories of child abuse and neglect. <cite>Child Abuse and Neglect</cite>, <i>22</i>(2), 79–90.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085BF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF92">Gilligan, C. (1982). <cite>In a different voice: Psychological theory and women’s development</cite>. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085C1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF93">Gillund, G., &amp; Shiffrin, R. M. (1984). A retrieval model for both recognition and recall. <cite>Psychological Review</cite>, <i>91</i>, 1–67.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085C3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF94">Gilmour, J., &amp; Skuse, D. (1999). A case-comparison study of the characteristics of children with a short stature syndrome induced by stress (hyperphagic short stature) and a consecutive series of unaffected “stressed” children. <cite>Journal of Child Psychology and Psychiatry and Allied Disciplines</cite>, <i>40</i>(6), 969–978.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085C5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF95">Ginzburg, K., Solomon, Z., Koifman, B., Keren, G., Roth, A., Kriwisky, M., . . . Bleich, A. (2003). Trajectories of post-traumatic stress disorder following myocardial infarction: A prospective study. <cite>Journal of Clinical Psychiatry</cite>, <i>64</i>(10), 1217–1223.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085C7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF96">Gittelman-Klein, R. (1978). Validity in projective tests for psychodiagnosis in children. In R. L. Spitzer &amp; D. F. Klein (Eds.), <cite>Critical issues in psychiatric diagnosis</cite> (pp. 141–166). New York: Raven Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085C9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF97">Glangetas, C., Fois, G. R., Jalabert, M., Lecca, S., Valentinova, K., Meye, F. J., . . . Georges, F. (2015). Ventral subiculum stimulation promotes persistent hyperactivity of dopamine neurons and facilitates behavioral effects of cocaine. <cite>Cell Symposia: Aging and Metabolism Cell Reports</cite>, <i>13</i>(10), 2287–2296.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085CB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF98">Glaser, M., Kolvin, I., Campbell, D., Glasser, A., Leitch, I., &amp; Farrelly, S. (2001). Cycle of child sexual abuse: links between being a victim and becoming a perpetrator. <cite>British Journal of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>179</i>: 482–494.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085CD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF99">Glassman, W. E., &amp; Hadad, M. (2008). Chapter eight: Perspectives on social behaviour, altruism and bystander behavior. In William E. Glassman &amp; Marilyn Hadad (Eds.), <cite>Approaches to Psychology</cite> (pp. 399–401). London: Open University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085CF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF9A">Glenn, A. L., Raine, A., Mednick, S. A., &amp; Venables, P. (2007). Early temperamental and psychophysiological precursors of adult psychopathic personality. <cite>Journal of Abnormal Psychology</cite>, <i>116</i>(3), 508–518.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085D1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF9B">Glick, P., &amp; Fiske, S. (2001). An ambivalent alliance: Hostile and benevolent sexism as complementary justifications for gender inequality. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>56</i>, 109–118.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085D3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF9C">Gluckman, P. D., &amp; Hanson, M. A. (2006). Evolution, development and timing of puberty. <cite>Trends in Endocrinology and Metabolism</cite>, <i>17</i>(1), 7–12.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085D5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF9D">Glucksman, M. L. (2006). Psychoanalytic and psychodynamic education in the 21st century. <cite>Journal of American Academy of Psychoanalysis</cite>, <i>34</i>, 215–22.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085D7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF9E">Glynn, S. M. (1990). Token economy approaches for psychiatric patients: Progress and pitfalls over 25 years. <cite>Behavior Modification</cite>, <i>14</i>, 383–407.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085D9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FF9F">Godden, D. R., &amp; Baddeley, A. D. (1975). Context-dependent memory in two natural environments: On land and underwater. <cite>British Journal of Psychology</cite>, <i>66</i>, 325–331.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085DB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFA0">Goetz, T., Bieg, M., Lüdtke, O., Pekrun, R., &amp; Hall, N. C. (2013). Do girls really experience more anxiety in mathematics? <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>24</i>(10), 2079–2087.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085DD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFA1">Gogtay, N., Lu, A., Leow, A. D., Klunder, A. D., Lee, A. D., Chavez, A., . . . Thompson, P. M. (2008). Three-dimensional brain growth abnormalities in childhood-onset schizophrenia visualized by using tensor-based morphometry. <cite>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, USA</cite>, <i>105</i>(41), 15979–15984.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085DF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFA2">Gogtay, N., &amp; Thompson, P. M. (2010). Mapping gray matter development: Implications for typical development and vulnerability to psychopathology. <cite>Brain and Cognition</cite>, <i>72</i>(1), 6–15.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085E1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFA3">Goin, M. K. (2005). Practical psychotherapy: A current perspective on the psychotherapies. <cite>Psychiatric Services</cite>, <i>56</i>(3), 255–257.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085E3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFA4">Gold, E. B., Leung, K., Crawford, S. L., Huang, M. H., Waetjen, L. E., &amp; Greendale, G. A. (2013). Phytoestrogen and fiber intakes in relation to incident vasomotor symptoms: Results from the Study of Women’s Health Across the Nation. <em>Menopause, 20</em>(3), 305–314. doi: 10.1097/GME.0b013e31826d2f43</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085E5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFA5">Goldfried, M. R. (2007). What has psychotherapy inherited from Carl Rogers? <em>Psychotherapy: Theory, Research, Practice, Training, 44</em>(3), 249–252. doi: 10.1037/0033–3204.44.3.249</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085E7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFA6">Goldman, A. L., Pezawas, L., Mattay, V. S., Fischl, B., Verchinski, B. A., Chen, Q., Weinberger, D. R., &amp; Meyer-Lindenberg, A. (2009). Widespread reductions of cortical thickness in schizophrenia and spectrum disorders and evidence of heritability. <cite>Archives of General Psychiatry</cite>, <i>66</i>(5), 467–477.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085E9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFA7">Goldman-Rakic, P. S. (1998). The prefrontal landscape: Implications of functional architecture for understanding human mentation and the central executive. In A. C. Roberts, T. W. Robbins, &amp; L. Weiskrantz (Eds.), <cite>The prefrontal cortex: Executive and cognitive functions</cite> (pp. 87–102). Oxford, UK: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085EB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFA8">Goldsmith, H. H., &amp; Campos, J. (1982). Toward a theory of infant temperament. In R. Emde &amp; R. Harmon (Eds.), <cite>The development of attachment and affiliative systems: Psychobiological aspects</cite> (pp. 161–193). New York: Plenum Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085ED" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFA9">Goleman, D. (1982). Staying up: The rebellion against sleep’s gentle tyranny. <cite>Psychology Today</cite>, <i>3</i>, 24–35.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085EF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFAA">Goleman, D. (1995). <cite>Emotional intelligence: Why it can matter more than IQ</cite>. New York: Bantam Books.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085F1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFAB">Gomar, J. J., Valls, E., Radua, J., Mareca, C., Tristany, J., Del Olmo, F., . . . Cognitive Rehabilitation Study, G. (2015). A multisite, randomized controlled clinical trial of computerized cognitive remediation therapy for schizophrenia. <cite>Schizophrenia Bulletin</cite>, <i>41</i>(6), 1387–1396. doi: 10.1093/schbul/sbv059</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085F3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFAC">Goncalves, R., Pedrozo, A. L., Coutinho, E. S., Figueira, I., &amp; Ventura, P. (2012). Efficacy of virtual reality exposure therapy in the treatment of PTSD: A systematic review. <cite>PLoS One</cite>, <i>7</i>(12), e48469. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0048469</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085F5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFAD">Gong-Guy, E., &amp; Hammen, C. (1980). Causal perceptions of stressful events in depressed and nondepressed outpatients. <cite>Journal of Abnormal Psychology</cite>, <i>89</i>, 662–669.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085F7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFAE">Gonsalves, B., Reber, P. J., Gitelman, D. R., Parrish, T. B., Mesulam, M. M., &amp; Paller, K. A. (2004). Neural evidence that vivid imagining can lead to false remembering. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>15</i>, 655–660.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085F9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFAF">Gonzales, P. M., Blanton, H., &amp; Williams, K. J. (2002). The effects of stereotype threat and double–minority status on the test performance of Latino women. <cite>Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</cite>, <i>28</i>(5), 659–670.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085FB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFB0">Gonzalez, J. S., Penedo, F. J., Antoni, M. H., Durán, R. E., Fernandez, M. I., McPherson-Baker, S., . . . Schneiderman, N. (2004). Social support, positive states of mind, and HIV treatment adherence in men and women living with HIV/AIDS. <cite>Health Psychology</cite>, <i>23</i>(4), 413–418.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085FD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFB1">Goodglass, H., Kaplan, E., &amp; Barresi, B. (2001). <cite>The assessment of aphasia and related disorders</cite> (3rd ed.). Baltimore: Lippincott, Williams &amp; Wilkins.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000085FF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFB2">Goodkind, M., Eickhoff, S. B., Oathes, D. J., Jiang, Y., Chang, A., Jones-Hagata, L. B., . . . Etkin, A. (2015). Identification of a common neurobiological substrate for mental illness. <cite>JAMA Psychiatry</cite>, <i>72</i>(4), 305–315. doi: 10.1001/jamapsychiatry.2014.2206</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008601" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFB3">Goodman, E. S. (1980). Margaret Floy Washburn (1871–1939) first woman Ph.D. in psychology. <cite>Psychology of Women Quarterly</cite>, <i>5</i>, 69–80.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008603" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFB4">Goossens, L., van Roekel, E., Verhagen, M., Cacioppo, J. T., Cacioppo, S., Maes, M., &amp; Boomsma, D. I. (2015). The genetics of loneliness: Linking evolutionary theory to genome-wide genetics, epigenetics, and social science. <cite>Perspectives on Psychological Science</cite>, <i>10</i>(2), 213–226. doi: 10.1177/1745691614564878</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008605" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFB5">Gordon, A. J., Conley. J. W., Gordon, J. M. (2013). Medical consequences of marijuana use: A review of current literature. <cite>Current Psychiatry Reports (Review)</cite> <i>15</i>(12), 419. doi: 10.1007/s11920–013-0419–7</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008607" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFB6">Gosselin, R. E., Smith, R. P., Hodge, H. C., &amp; Braddock, J. E. (1984). <cite>Clinical toxicology of commercial products</cite> (5th ed.). Sydney, Australia: Williams &amp; Wilkins.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008609" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFB7">Gotlib, I. H., Sivers, H., Canli, T., Kasch, K. L., &amp; Gabrieli, J. D. E. (2001, November). Neural activation in depression in response to emotional stimuli. In I. H. Gotlib (Chair), <cite>New directions in the neurobiology of affective disorders</cite>. Symposium conducted at the annual meeting of the Society for Research in Psychopathology, Madison, WI.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000860B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFB8">Gottesman, I. I. (1991). <cite>Schizophrenia genesis: The origins of madness</cite>. New York: Freeman.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000860D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFB9">Gottesman, I. I., McGuffin P. &amp; Farmer, A. E. (1987). Clinical genetics as clues to the “Real” genetics of schizophrenia (A decade of modest gains while playing for time). <cite>Schizophrenia Bulletin</cite>, <i>13</i>, 23–47.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000860F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFBA">Gottesman, I. I., &amp; Shields, J. (1976). A critical review of recent adoption, twin and family studies of schizophrenia: Behavioural genetics perspectives. <cite>Schizophrenia Bulletin</cite>, <i>2</i>, 360–401.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008611" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFBB">Gottesman, I., &amp; Shields, J. (1982). <cite>Schizophrenia: The epigenetic puzzle</cite>. New York: Cambridge University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008613" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFBC">Gottman, J. M., &amp; Krokoff, L. J. (1989). Marital interaction and satisfaction: A longitudinal view. <cite>Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology</cite>, <i>57</i>, 47–52.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008615" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFBD">Gotz, M., Sirko, S., Beckers, J., &amp; Irmler, M. (2015). Reactive astrocytes as neural stem or progenitor cells: In vivo lineage, in vitro potential, and genome-wide expression analysis. <cite>Glia</cite>, <i>63</i>(8), 1452–1468. doi: 10.1002/glia.22850</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008617" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFBE">Gough, H. G. (1995). <cite>California Psychological Inventory</cite> (3rd ed.). Palo Alto, CA: Consulting Psychologist-Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008619" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFBF">Gould, J. L., &amp; Gould, C. G. (1994). <cite>The animal mind</cite>. New York: Scientific American Library.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000861B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFC0">Gould, S. J. (1981). <cite>The mismeasure of man</cite>. New York: Norton.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000861D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFC1">Gould, S. J. (1996). <cite>The mismeasure of man</cite>. New York: W. W. Norton.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000861F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFC2">Gračanin, A., Vingerhoets, A. J. J. M., Kardum, I., Zupčić, M., Šantek, M., &amp; Šimić, M. (2015). Why crying does and sometimes does not seem to alleviate mood: A quasi-experimental study. <cite>Motivation and Emotion</cite>, <i>39</i>(6), 953–960. doi: 10.1007/s11031–015-9507–9.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008621" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFC3">Graf, W. D., Nagel, S. K., Epstein, L. G., Miller, G., Nass, R., &amp; Larriviere, D. (2013). Pediatric neuroenhancement: Ethical, legal, social, and neurodevelopmental implications. <cite>Neurology</cite>, <i>80</i>(13), 1251–1260. doi: 10.1212/WNL.0b013e318289703b</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008623" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFC4">Grandjean, P., Weihe, P., White, R. F., Debes, F., Araki, S., Yokoyama, K., Murata, K., Sorensen, N., Dahl, R., &amp; Jorgensen, P. J. (1997). Cognitive deficit in 7-year-old children with prenatal exposure to methylmercury. <cite>Neurotoxicology and Teratology</cite>, <i>19</i>(6), 417–428.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008625" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFC5">Graven, S. N., &amp; Browne, J. V. (2008). Sleep and brain development: The critical role of sleep in fetal and early neonatal brain development. <cite>Newborn &amp; Infant Nursing Review</cite>, <i>8</i>, 173–179.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008627" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFC6">Greeley, A. (1987). Mysticism goes mainstream. <cite>American Health</cite>, <i>1</i>, 47–49.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008629" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFC7">Green, D. M., &amp; Swets, J. A. (1966). <cite>Signal detection theory and psychophysics</cite>. New York: Wiley.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000862B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFC8">Greenwald, A. G., &amp; Banaji, M. R. (1995). Implicit social cognition: Attitudes, self-esteem, and stereotypes. <cite>Psychological Review</cite>, <i>102</i>, 4–27.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000862D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFC9">Greenwald, A. G., McGhee, D. E., &amp; Schwartz, J. K. L. (1998). Measuring individual differences in implicit cognition: The Implicit Association Test. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>74</i>, 1464–1480.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000862F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFCA">Greer, G. R., Grob, C. S., &amp; Halberstadt, A. L. (2014). PTSD symptom reports of patients evaluated for the New Mexico medical cannabis program. <cite>Journal of Psychoactive Drugs</cite>, <i>46</i>(1), 73. doi: 10.1080/02791072.2013.873843</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008631" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFCB">Greeson, J. (2013). Foster youth &amp; the transition to adulthood: The theoretical &amp; conceptual basis for natural mentoring. <cite>Emerging Adulthood</cite>, <i>1</i>(1), 40–51.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008633" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFCC">Gregory, R. L. (1990). <cite>Eye and brain, the psychology of seeing</cite>. Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008635" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFCD">Gresham, L. G., &amp; Shimp, T. A. (1985). Attitude toward the advertisement and brand attitudes: A classical conditioning prospective. <cite>Journal of Advertising</cite>, <i>14</i>(1), 10–17, 49.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008637" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFCE">Griggs, E. M., Young, E. J., Rumbaugh, G., &amp; Miller, C. A. (2013). MicroRNA-182 regulates amygdala-dependent memory formation. <cite>Journal of Neuroscience</cite>, <i>33</i>(4), 1734. doi: 10.1523/JNEUROSCI.2873–12.2013</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008639" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFCF">Griggs, R. A. (2015). Coverage of the Phineas Gage story in introductory psychology textbooks: Was Gage no longer Gage? <cite>Teaching of Psychology</cite>, <i>42</i>(3), 195–202. doi: 10.1177/0098628315587614</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000863B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFD0">Grimbos, T., Dawood, K., Burriss, R. P., Zucker, K. J., &amp; Puts, D. A. (2010). Sexual orientation and the second to fourth finger length ratio: A meta-analysis in men and women. <cite>Behavioral Neuroscience</cite>, <i>124</i>(2), 278–287. doi: 10.1037/a0018764</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000863D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFD1">Grocer, S., &amp; Kohout, J. (1997). <cite>The 1995 APA survey of 1992 baccalaureate recipients</cite>. Washington, DC: American Psychological Association.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000863F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFD2">Gross, C. G. (1999). A hole in the head. <cite>The Neuroscientist</cite>, <i>5</i>, 263–269.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008641" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFD3">Grumbach, M. M., &amp; Kaplan, S. L. (1990). The neuroendocrinology of human puberty: An ontogenetic perspective. In M. M. Grumbach, P. C. Sizonenko, &amp; M. L. Aubert (Eds.), <cite>Control of the onset of puberty</cite> (pp. 1–6). Baltimore: Williams &amp; Wilkins.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008643" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFD4">Grumbach, M. M., &amp; Styne, D. M. (1998). Puberty: Ontogeny, neuroendocrinology, physiology, and disorders. In J. D. Wilson, D. W. Foster, H. M. Kronenberg, &amp; P. R. Larsen (Eds.), <cite>Williams textbook of endocrinology</cite> (9th ed. pp. 1509–1625). Philadelphia: W. B. Saunders.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008645" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFD5">Grünbaum, A. (1984). <cite>The foundations of psychoanalysis: A philosophical critique</cite>. Berkeley, CA: University of California Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008647" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFD6">Guar, A., Dominguez, K., Kalish, M., Rivera-Hernandez, D., Donohoe, M., &amp; Mitchell, C. (2008, February). <cite>Practice of offering a child pre-masticated food: An unrecognized possible risk factor for HIV transmission</cite>. Paper presented at the 15th Conference on Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections, Boston, MA.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008649" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFD7">Guilford, J. P. (1967). <cite>The nature of human intelligence</cite>. New York: McGraw-Hill.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000864B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFD8">Gunderson, E. A., Gripshover, S. J., Romero, C., Dweck, C. S., Goldin-Meadow, S., &amp; Levine, S. C. (2013). Parent praise to 1- to 3-year-olds predicts children’s motivational frameworks 5 years later. <cite>Child Development</cite>, ePub ahead of print. doi: 10.1111/cdev.12064</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000864D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFD9">Guo, J., Marsh, H. W., Parker, Pl. D., Morin, A. J. S., &amp; Yeung, A. S. (2015). Expectancy-value in mathematics, gender and socioeconomic background as predictors of achievement and aspirations: A multi-cohort study. <cite>Learning and Individual Differences</cite>, <i>37</i>, 161–168.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000864F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFDA">Gurung, R. A. (2003). Pedagogical aids and student performance. <cite>Teaching of Psychology</cite>, <i>30</i>, 92–95.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008651" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFDB">Gurung, R. A. (2004). Pedagogical aids: Learning enhancers or dangerous detours? <cite>Teaching of Psychology</cite>, <i>31</i>(3), 164–166.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008653" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFDC">Guskiewicz, K. M., Marshall, S. W., Bailes, J., McCrea, M., Harding, H. P., Jr., Matthews, A., . . . Cantu, R. C. (2007). Recurrent concussion and risk of depression in retired professional football players. <cite>Medicine and Science in Sports and Exercise</cite>, <i>39</i>(6), 903–909.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008655" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFDD">Guthrie, R. V. (2004). <cite>Even the rat was white: A historical view of psychology</cite>. Boston: Allyn &amp; Bacon.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008657" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFDE">Haas, A. P., Rodgers, P. L., &amp; Herman, J. L. (2014). Suicide attempts among transgender and gender non-conforming adults: Findings of the National Transgender Discrimination Survey. <cite>American Foundation for Suicide Prevention and Williams Institute</cite>, UCLA School of Law. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://williamsinstitute.law.ucla.edu/wp-content/uploads/AFSP-Williams-Suicide-Report-Final.pdf</span>.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008659" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFDF">Haass, C., Lemere, C. A., Capell, A., Citron, M., Seubert, P., Schenk, D., . . . Selkoe, D. J. (1995). The Swedish mutation causes early-onset Alzheimer’s disease by β-secretase cleavage within the secretory pathway. <cite>Nature Medicine</cite>, <i>1</i>, 1291–1296. doi:10.1038/nm1295–1291</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000865B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFE0">Haber, R. N. (1979). Twenty years of haunting eidetic imagery: Where’s the ghost? <cite>The Behavioral and Brain Sciences</cite>, <i>2</i>, 583–619.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000865D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFE1">Hagan, C. R., Podlogar, M. C., &amp; Joiner, T. E. (2015). Murder-suicide: Bridging the gap between mass murder, amok, and suicide. <cite>Journal of Aggression, Conflict and Peace Research</cite>, <i>7</i>(3), 179–186.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000865F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFE2">Hahm, H. C., &amp; Adkins, C. (2009). A model of Asian and Pacific Islander sexual minority acculturation. <cite>Journal of LGBT Youth</cite>, <i>6</i>, 155–173.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008661" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFE3">Hahn, J., Wang, X., &amp; Margeta, M. (2015). Astrocytes increase the activity of synaptic glun2b nmda receptors. <cite>Frontiers in Cellular Neuroscience</cite>, <i>9</i>, 117. doi: 10.3389/fncel.2015.00117</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008663" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFE4">Hahnemann, S. (1907). Indications of the homeopathic employment of medicines in ordinary practice. Hufeland’s Journal (Journal der praktischen Azneikunde und Wundarzneykuns), Tome II, Parts 3 and 4.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008665" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFE5">Hajcak, G., &amp; Starr, L. (n.d.). Posttraumatic stress disorder. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.div12.org/psychological-treatments/disorders/post-traumatic-stress-disorder/</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008667" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFE6">Haj-Dahmane, S., &amp; Shen, R.-Y. (2014). Chronic stress impairs α1-adrenoceptor-induced endocannabinoid-dependent synaptic plasticity in the dorsal raphe nucleus. <cite>Journal of Neuroscience</cite>, <i>34</i>(44), 14560. doi: 10.1523/JNEUROSCI.1310–14.2014</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008669" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFE7">Halbesleben, J. R. B., &amp; Bowler, W. M. (2007). Emotional exhaustion and job performance: The mediating role of motivation. <cite>Journal of Applied Psychology</cite>, <i>91</i>, 93–106.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000866B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFE8">Halim, M. L., Ruble, D. N., Tamis-LeMonda, C. S., Zosuls, K. M., Lurye, L. E., &amp; Greulich, F. K. (2014). Pink frilly dresses and the avoidance of all thing “girly”: Children’s appearance rigidity and cognitive theories of gender development. <cite>Developmental Psychology</cite>, <i>50</i>(4), 1091–1101.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000866D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFE9">Hall, A. P., &amp; Henry, J. A. (2006). Acute toxic effects of ‘Ecstasy’ (MDMA) and related compounds: Overview of pathophysiology and clinical management. <cite>British Journal of Anaesthesia</cite>, <i>96</i>(6): 678–685.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000866F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFEA">Hall, C. (1966). Studies of dreams collected in the laboratory and at home. <cite>Institute of Dream Research Monograph Series</cite> (No. 1). Santa Cruz, CA: Privately printed.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008671" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFEB">Hall, C. S. (1953). A cognitive theory of dreams. The Journal of General Psychology, 49, 273–282. Abridged version in M. F. DeMartino (Ed.). (1959). <cite>Dreams and personality dynamics</cite> (pp. 123–134). Springfield, IL: Charles C. Thomas.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008673" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFEC">Hall, H. (2014). An intro to homeopathy. <cite>Skeptical Inquirer, 38</cite>(5). Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.csicop.org/si/show/an_introduction_to_homeopathy/</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008675" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFED">Hall, J. A., Pennington, N., &amp; Lueders, A. (2013). Impression management and formation on Facebook: A lens model approach. <cite>New Media &amp; Society</cite>, <i>16</i>(6), 958. doi: 10.1177/1461444813495166</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008677" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFEE">Hall, W., &amp; Degenhardt, L. (2009). Adverse health effects of non-medical cannabis use. <cite>Lancet</cite>, <i>374</i>, 1383–1391.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008679" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFEF">Hamann, S., Herman, R. A., Nolan, C. L., &amp; Wallen, K. (2004). Men and women differ in amygdale response to visual sexual stimuli. <cite>Nature Neuroscience</cite>, <i>7</i>(4), 411–419.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000867B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFF0">Hamer, D. H., Hu, S., Magnuson, V. L., Hu, N., &amp; Pattatucci, A. M. L. (1993). A linkage between DNA markers on the X chromosome and male sexual orientation. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>261</i>, 321–327.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000867D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFF1">Hamers, F. F., and Downs, A. M. (2003, March). HIV in central and eastern Europe. <cite>Lancet</cite>, <i>362</i>, 9362.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000867F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFF2">Hamilton, D. L., &amp; Gifford, R. K. (1976). Illusory correlation in interpersonal perception: A cognitive basis of stereotypic judgments. <cite>Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</cite>, <i>12</i>, 392–407.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008681" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFF3">Hammond, M. D., Overall, N. C., &amp; Cross, E. J. (2016). Internalizing sexism within close relationships: Perceptions of intimate partners’ benevolent sexism promote women’s endorsement of benevolent sexism. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>110</i>(2), 214–238.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008683" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFF4">Hampton, J. A. (1998). Similarity-based categorization and fuzziness of natural categories. <cite>Cognition</cite>, <i>65</i>, 137–165.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008685" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFF5">Hancox, J., Ntoumanis, N., Thogersen-Ntoumani, C., &amp; Quested, E. (2015). Self-determination theory. In <cite>Essentials of motivation &amp; behaviour change</cite> (pp. 68–85). Brussels: EuropeActive.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008687" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFF6">Handel, S. (1989). <cite>Listening: An introduction to the perception of auditory events</cite>. Cambridge, MA: MIT Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008689" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFF7">Hansen, C. P. (1988). Personality characteristics of the accident involved employee. <cite>Journal of Business and Psychology</cite>, <i>2</i>(4), 346–365.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000868B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFF8">Hansen, P. G., Hendricks, V. F., &amp; Rendsvig, R. K. (2013). Infostorms. <cite>Metaphilosophy</cite>, <i>44</i>(3), 301. doi: 10.1111/meta.12028</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000868D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFF9">Harlow, H. F. (1958). The nature of love. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>13</i>, 573–685.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000868F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFFA">Harlow, J. M. (1848). Passage of an iron rod through the head. <cite>Boston Medical and Surgical Journal</cite>, <i>39</i>, 389–393.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008691" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFFB">Harlow, J. M. (1868). Recovery from the passage of an iron bar through the head. <cite>Publications of the Massachusetts Medical Society</cite>, <i>2</i>, 327–347.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008693" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFFC">Harman, G. (1999). Moral philosophy meets social psychology: Virtue ethics and the fundamental attribution error. <cite>Proceedings of the Aristotelian Society, 1998–99</cite>, <i>99</i>, 315–331.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008695" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFFD">Harmon-Jones, E. (2000). Cognitive dissonance and experienced negative affect: Evidence that dissonance increases experienced negative affect even in the absence of aversive consequences. <cite>Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</cite>, <i>26</i>, 1490–1501.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008697" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFFE">Harmon-Jones, E. (2004). Insights on asymmetrical frontal brain activity gleaned from research on anger and cognitive dissonance. <cite>Biological Psychology</cite>, <i>67</i>, 51–76.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008699" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000000FFFF">Harmon-Jones, E. (2006). Integrating cognitive dissonance theory with neurocognitive models of control. <cite>Psychophysiology</cite>, <i>43</i>, S16.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000869B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010000">Harmon-Jones, E., Harmon-Jones, C., Serra, R., &amp; Gable, P. A. (2011). The effect of commitment on relative left frontal cortical activity: Tests of the action-based model of dissonance. <cite>Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</cite>, <i>37</i>(3), 395–408. doi: 10.1177/0146167210397059</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000869D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010001">Harmon-Jones, E., Harmon-Jones, C., Fearn, M., Sigelman, J. D., &amp; Johnson, P. (2008). Action orientation, relative left frontal cortical activation, and spreading of alternatives: A test of the action-based model of dissonance. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>94</i>(1), 1–15.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000869F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010002">Harris, B. (2011). Letting go of Little Albert: Disciplinary memory, history, and the uses of myth. <cite>Journal of the History of the Behavioral Sciences</cite>, <i>47</i>(1), 1–17. doi: 10.1002/jhbs.20470</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086A1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010003">Harrison, P. J. (1999). The neuropathology of schizophrenia: A critical review of the data and their interpretation. <cite>Brain</cite>, <i>122</i>, 593–624.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086A3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010004">Harrison, T. L., Shipstead, Z., Hicks, K. L., Hambrick, D. Z., Redick, T. S., &amp; Engle, R. W. (2013). Working memory training may increase working memory capacity but not fluid intelligence. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>. doi: 10.1177/0956797613492984</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086A5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010005">Hart, P. (1998). Preventing groupthink revisited: Evaluating and reforming groups in government. <cite>Organizational Behavior &amp; Human Decision Processes</cite>, <i>73</i>(2–3), 306–326.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086A7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010006">Hartfield, E. (1987). Passionate and companionate love. In R. J. Sternberg &amp; M. L. Barnes (Eds.), <cite>The psychology of love</cite> (pp. 191–217). New Haven, CT: Yale University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086A9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010007">Hartfield, E., &amp; Rapson, R. L. (1992). Similarity and attraction in intimate relationships. <cite>Communication Monographs</cite>, <i>59</i>, 209–212.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086AB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010008">Hartley, B. L., &amp; Sutton, R. M. (2013). A stereotype threat account of boys’ academic underachievement. <cite>Child Development</cite>, <i>84</i>(5), 1716–1733. doi: 10.1111/cdev.12079</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086AD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010009">Harvard Medical School, Department of Health Care Policy. (2007). <cite>National comorbidity survey: 12-month prevalence of DSM-IV/WMH-CICI disorders by sex and cohort</cite>. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.hcp.med.harvard.edu/ncs/ftpdir/NCS-R_12-month_Prevalence_Estimates.pdf</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086AF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001000A">Harvey, A. R., Lovett, S. J., Majda, B. T., Yoon, J. H., Wheeler, L. P. G., &amp; Hodgetts, S. I. (2015). Neurotrophic factors for spinal cord repair: Which, where, how and when to apply, and for what period of time? <cite>Brain Research</cite>, <i>1619</i>, 36–71. doi: <span class="url-obsolete">http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.brainres.2014.10.049</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086B1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001000B">Hassan, S., Karpova, Y., Baiz, D., Yancey, D., Pullikuth, A., Flores, A., Register, T., Cline, J. M., D’Agostino, R., Danial, N., Datta, S. R., &amp; Kulik, G. (2013). Behavioral stress accelerates prostate cancer development in mice. <cite>Journal of Clinical Investigation</cite>, <i>123</i>(2), 874–886. doi:10.1172/JCI63324</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086B3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001000C">Hasin, D. S., Wall, M., Keyes, K. M., Cerdá, M., Schulenberg, J., O’Malley, P. M., . . . Feng, T. (2015). Medical marijuana laws and adolescent marijuana use in the USA from 1991 to 2014: Results from annual, repeated cross-sectional surveys. <cite>The Lancet</cite>, doi: 10.1016/S2215–0366(15)00217–5</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086B5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001000D">Haslam, C., Cruwys, T., Milne, M., Kan, C.-H., &amp; Haslam, S. A. (2016). Group ties protect cognitive health by promoting social identification and social support. <cite>Journal of Aging and Health</cite>, <i>28</i>(2), 244–266.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086B7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001000E">Haslam, S. A., &amp; Reicher, S. D. (2012). Contesting the “nature” of conformity: What Milgram and Zimbardo’s studies really show. <cite>Public Library of Science (PLoS) Biology</cite>, <i>10</i>(11), e1001426. doi: 10.1370/journal.pbio.1001426</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086B9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001000F">Hassan, S. (2014). ISIS is a cult that uses terrorism: A fresh new strategy. The WorldPost: The Huffington Post, October 21, 2014. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.huffingtonpost.com/steven-hassan/isis-is-a-cult-that-uses-_b_6023890.html</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086BB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010010">Hauck, S. J., &amp; Bartke, A. (2001). Free radical defenses in the liver and kidney of human growth hormone transgenic mice. <cite>Journal of Gerontology and Biological Science</cite>, <i>56</i>, 153–162.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086BD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010011">Havighurst R. J., Neugarten B. L., &amp; Tobin S. N. S. (1968). Disengagement and patterns of aging. In B. L. Neugarten (Ed.), <cite>Middle age and aging: A reader in social psychology</cite> (pp. 161–172). Chicago: University of Chicago Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086BF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010012">Hawks, S. R., Madanat, H. N., Merrill, R. M., Goudy, M. B., &amp; Miyagawa, T. (2003). A cross-cultural analysis of “motivation for eating” as a potential factor in the emergence of global obesity: Japan and the United States. <cite>Health Promotion International</cite>, <i>18</i>(2), 153–162.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086C1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010013">Hawley, N. L., &amp; McGarvey, S. T. (2015). Obesity and diabetes in Pacific Islanders: The current burden and the need for urgent action. <cite>Current Diabetes Reports</cite>, <i>15</i>(5), 29.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086C3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010014">Hawley, N., L., Minster, R. L., Weeks, D. E., Viali, S., Reupena, M. S., Sun, G., Cheng, H., Deka, R., &amp; Mcgarvey, S. T. (2014). Prevalence of adiposity and associated cardiometabolic risk factors in the Samoan genome-wide association study. <cite>American Journal of Human Biology: The Official Journal of the Human Biology Council</cite>, <i>26</i>(4), 491–501.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086C5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010015">Hay, P. (2013). A systematic review of evidence for psychological treatments in eating disorders: 2005–2012. <cite>International Journal of Eating Disorders</cite>, <i>46</i>(5), 462–469. doi: 10.1002/eat.22103</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086C7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010016">Hayes, J. P., Bigler, E. D., &amp; Verfaellie, M. (2016). Traumatic brain injury as a disorder of brain connectivity. <cite>Journal of the International Neuropsychological Society</cite>, <i>22(Special Issue 02)</i>, 120–137. doi: 10.1017/S1355617715000740</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086C9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010017">Hayes, S. M., Alosco, M. L., Hayes, J. P., Cadden, M., Peterson, K. M., Allsup, K., . . . Verfaellie, M. (2015). Physical activity is positively associated with episodic memory in aging. <cite>Journal of the International Neuropsychological Society</cite>, <i>21</i>(10), 780.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086CB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010018">Hayflick, L. (1977). The cellular basis for biological aging. In C. E. Finch &amp; L. Hayflick (Eds.), <cite>Handbook of biology of aging</cite> (p. 159). New York: Van Nostrand Reinhold.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086CD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010019">Hayward, C., Killen, J. D., Kraemer, H. C., &amp; Taylor, C. B. (2000). Predictors of panic attacks in adolescents. <cite>Journal of the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry</cite>, <i>39</i>(2), 207–214.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086CF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001001A">Hayward, C., Killen, J. D., &amp; Taylor, C. B. (1989). Panic attacks in young adolescents. <cite>American Journal of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>146</i>(8), 1061–1062.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086D1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001001B">Hazan, C., &amp; Shaver, P. (1987). Romantic love conceptualized as an attachment process. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>52</i>, 511–524.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086D3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001001C">Hazrati, L. N., Tartaglia, M. C., Diamandis, P., Davis, K. D., Green, R. E., Wennberg, R., . . . Tator, C. H. (2013). Absence of chronic traumatic encephalopathy in retired football players with multiple concussions and neurological symptomatology. <cite>Frontiers in Human Neuroscience</cite>, <i>7</i>, 222. doi: 10.3389/fnhum.2013.00222</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086D5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001001D">Heavey, C. L., Layne, C., &amp; Christensen, A. (1993). Gender and conflict structure in marital interaction: A replication and extension. <cite>Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology</cite>, <i>61</i>, 16–27.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086D7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001001E">Hebb, D. O. (1955). Drives and the CNS (Conceptual Nervous System). <cite>Psychological Review</cite>, <i>62</i>, 243–254.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086D9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001001F">Hecker, T., Hermenau, K., Isele, D., &amp; Elbert, T. (2014). Corporal punishment and children’s externalizing problems: A cross-sectional study of Tanzanian primary school–aged children. <cite>Child Abuse &amp; Neglect</cite>, <i>38</i>(5), 884–892.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086DB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010020">Hegeman, R. (2007). “Police: Shoppers stepped over victim.” Associated Press, July 4. <span class="url-obsolete">http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory?id=3342724</span>.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086DD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010021">Heider, F. (1958). <cite>The psychology of interpersonal relations</cite>. New York: John Wiley &amp; Sons.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086DF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010022">Heikkila, K., Nyberg, S. T., Theorell, T., Fransson, E. I., Alfredsson, L., Bjorner, J. B., . . . Kivimaki, M. (2013). Work stress and risk of cancer: Meta-analysis of 5700 incident cancer events in 116 000 European men and women. <cite>BMJ</cite>, <i>346</i>(Feb07 1): f165. doi: 10.1136/bmj.f165</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086E1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010023">Heil, G., Maslow, A., &amp; Stephens, D. (1998). <cite>Maslow on management</cite>. New York: John Wiley and Sons.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086E3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010024">Heilman, K. M. (2002). <cite>Matter of mind: A neurologist’s view of brain-behavior relationships</cite>. New York: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086E5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010025">Heilman, K. M., Watson, R., &amp; Valenstein, E. (1993). Neglect and related disorders. In K. Heilman and E. Valenstein (Eds.), <cite>Clinical neuropsychology</cite>. New York: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086E7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010026">Heimberg, R. G., &amp; Becker, R. E. (2002). <cite>Cognitive-behavioral group therapy for social phobia: Basic mechanisms and clinical strategies</cite>. New York: Guilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086E9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010027">Heimer, L. (1995). <cite>The human brain and spinal cord: Functional neuroanatomy and dissection guide</cite>. New York, NY: Springer-Verlag.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086EB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010028">Heine, S., Kitayama, S., &amp; Lehman. D. (2001). Cultural differences in self-evaluation: Japanese readily accept negative self-relevant information. <cite>Journal of Cross-Cultural Psychology</cite>, <i>32</i>(4), 434–443.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086ED" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010029">Heinicke, C. M., Goorsky, M., Moscov, S., Dudley, K., Gordon, J., Schneider, C., &amp; Guthrie, D. (2000). Relationship-based intervention with at-risk mothers: Factors affecting variations in outcome. <cite>Infant Mental Health Journal</cite>, <i>21</i>, 133–155.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086EF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001002A">Heinrich, B. (2000). Testing insight in ravens. In C. Heyes &amp; L. Huber (Eds.), <cite style="font-style: normal;"><em>The evolution of cognition, </em>289–305</cite>. Cambridge, MA: MIT Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086F1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001002B">Helfrich, C., Pierau, S. S., Freitag, C. M., Roeper, J., Ziemann, U., &amp; Bender, S. (2012). Monitoring cortical excitability during repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in children with ADHD: A single-blind, sham-controlled TMS-EEG study. <cite>PLoS One</cite>, <i>7</i>(11), e50073. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0050073</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086F3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001002C">Helms, J. E. (1992). Why is there no study of cultural equivalence in standardized cognitive ability testing? <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>47</i>(9), 1083–1101.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086F5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001002D">Helpman, L., Papini, S., Chhetry, B. T., Shvil, E., Rubin, M., Sullivan, G. M., . . . Neria, Y. (2016). PTSD remission after prolonged exposure treatment is associated with anterior cingulate cortex thinning and volume reduction. <cite>Depression and Anxiety</cite>, n/a-n/a. doi: 10.1002/da.22471</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086F7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001002E">Henderson, M. D., &amp; Burgoon, E. M. (2013). Why the door-in-the-face technique can sometimes backfire: A construal-level account. <cite>Social Psychological and Personality Science</cite>, <i>5</i>(4), 475–483. doi: 10.1177/1948550613506719</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086F9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001002F">Henderson, R. K., Snyder, H. R., Gupta, T., &amp; Banich, M. T. (2012). When does stress help or harm? The effects of stress controllability and subjective stress response on Stroop performance. <cite>Frontiers in Psychology</cite>, <i>3</i>, 179.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086FB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010030">Henin, A., Mick, E., Biederman, J., Fried, R., Wozniak, J., Faraone, S. V., . . . Doyle, A. E. (2007). Can bipolar disorder-specific neuropsychological impairments in children be identified? <cite>Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology</cite>, <i>75</i>(2), 210–220.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086FD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010031">Henningfield., J. E., Clayton, R., &amp; Pollin, W. (1990). Involvement of tobacco in alcoholism and illicit drug use. <cite>British Journal of Addition</cite>, <i>85</i>, 279–292.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000086FF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010032">Henningfield, J. E., Cohen, C., Slade, J. D. (1991). Is nicotine more addictive than cocaine? <cite>British Journal of Addiction</cite>, <i>86</i>, 565–569.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008701" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010033">Herbenick, D., Reece, M., Sanders, S. A., Schick, V., Dodge, B., &amp; Fortenberry, J. D. (2010). Sexual behavior in the United States: Results from a national probability sample of males and females ages 14 to 94. <cite>Journal of Sexual Medicine</cite>, <i>7</i>(Suppl 5), 255–265.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008703" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010034">Herberman, R. B., &amp; Ortaldo, J. R. (1981). Natural killer cells: Their role in defenses against disease. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>214</i>, 24–30.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008705" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010035">Herbst, J. H., Zonderman, A. B., McCrae, R. R., &amp; Costa, P. T., Jr. (2000). Do the dimensions of the Temperament and Character Inventory map a simple genetic architecture? Evidence from molecular genetics and factor analysis. <cite>American Journal of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>157,</i> 1285–1290.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008707" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010036">Herman, L. M., Pack, A. A., &amp; Morrell-Samuels, P. (1993). Representational and conceptual skills of dolphins. In H. L. Roitblatt, L. M. Herman, &amp; P. E. Nachtigall (Eds.), <cite>Language and communication: Comparative perspectives</cite>. Hillsdale, NJ: Erlbaum.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008709" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010037">Hernandez, D., &amp; Fisher, E. M. (1996). Down syndrome genetics: Unravelling a multifactorial disorder. <cite>Human Molecular Genetics</cite>, <i>5</i>, 1411–1416.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000870B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010038">Heron, M. J., Belford, P., &amp; Goker, A. (2014). Sexism in the circuitry. <cite>ACM SIGCAS Computers and Society: Association for Computing Machinery</cite>, <i>44</i>(4), 18–29.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000870D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010039">Herrnstein, R. J., &amp; Murray, C. (1994). <cite>The bell curve: The reshaping of American life by differences in intelligence</cite>. New York: Free Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000870F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001003A">Hersh, S. M. (2004, May 10). Annals of national security: Torture at Abu Ghraib. <cite>The New Yorker</cite>.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008711" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001003B">Hershberger, S. L., Plomin, R., &amp; Pedersen, N. L. (1995, October). Traits and metatraits: Their reliability, stability, and shared genetic influence. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>69</i>(4), 673–685.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008713" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001003C">Hervais-Adelman, A. G., Moser-Mercer, B., &amp; Golestani, N. (2011). Executive control of language in the bilingual brain: Integrating the evidence from neuroimaging to neuropsychology. <cite>Frontiers in Psychology, 2</cite>, 234. doi: 10.3389/fpsyg.2011.00234</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008715" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001003D">Herxheimer, A., &amp; Petrie, K. J. (2001). Melatonin for preventing and treating jet lag. <cite>Cocharane Database of Systematic Reviews</cite> (1), CD 001520.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008717" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001003E">Heslegrave, R. J., &amp; Rhodes. W. (1997). Impact of varying shift schedules on the performance and sleep in air traffic controllers. <cite>Sleep Research</cite>, <i>26</i>, 198.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008719" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001003F">Hetherington, A. W., &amp; Ranson, S. W. (1940). Hypothalamic legions and adiposity in rats. <cite>Anatomical Records</cite>, <i>78</i>, 149–172.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000871B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010040">Hetrick, S. E., McKenzie, J. E., Cox, G. R., Simmons, M. B., &amp; Merry, S. N. (2012). Newer generation antidepressants for depressive disorders in children and adolescents. <cite>Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews (Online)</cite>, <i>11</i>, CD004851. doi: 10.1002/14651858.CD004851.pub3</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000871D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010041">Hewlin, P. F. (2009). Wearing the cloak: Antecedents and consequences of creating facades of conformity. <cite>Journal of Applied Psychology</cite>, <i>94</i>(3), 727–741.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000871F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010042">Hewstone, M., Rubin, M., &amp; Willis, H. (2002). Intergroup bias. <cite>Annual Review of Psychology</cite>, <i>53</i>, 575–604.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008721" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010043">Heyes, C. M. (1998). Theory of mind in nonhuman primates. <cite>Behavior and Brain Science</cite>, <i>21</i>, 101–148.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008723" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010044">Hicklin, J., &amp; Widiger, T. A. (2000). Convergent validity of alternative MMPI-2 personality disorder scales. <cite>Journal of Personality Assessment</cite>, <i>75</i>(3), 502–518.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008725" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010045">Higgins, E. T., &amp; Scholer, A. A. (2010). When is personality revealed? A motivated cognition approach. In O. P. John, R. W. Robins, &amp; L. A. Pervin (Eds.), <cite>Handbook of personality: Theory and research</cite> (pp. 182–207). New York: Guilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008727" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010046">Higginson, A. D., McNamara, J. M., &amp; Houston, A. I. (2016). Fatness and fitness: Exposing the logic of evolutionary explanations for obesity. <cite>Proceedings of Biological Sciences</cite>, <i>283</i>(1822), 20152443.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008729" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010047">Hildreth, C. J. (2008). Inflammation and diabetes. <cite>The Journal of the American Medical Association</cite>, <i>300</i>(21), 2476.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000872B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010048">Hilgard E. R. (1965). <cite>Hypnotic susceptibility</cite>. New York: Harcourt, Brace &amp; World.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000872D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010049">Hilgard, E. R. (1991). A neodissociation interpretation of hypnosis. In S. J. Lynn &amp; J. W. Rhue (Eds.), <cite>Theories of hypnosis</cite> (pp. 83–104). New York: Guilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000872F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001004A">Hilgard, E. R., &amp; Hilgard, J. R. (1994). <cite>Hypnosis in the relief of pain</cite> (Rev. ed.). New York: Brunner/Mazel.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008731" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001004B">Hill, D. (1990). Causes of smoking in children. In B. Durston &amp; K. Jamrozik, <cite>Smoking and health 1990–The global war. Proceedings of the 7th World Conference on Smoking and Health</cite>, 1–5 April. Perth: Health Department of Western Australia, 205–209.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008733" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001004C">Hill, E. S., Vasireddi, S. K., Wang, J., Bruno, A. M., &amp; Frost, W. N. (2015). Memory formation in tritonia via recruitment of variably committed neurons. <em>Current Biology, 25</em>(22), 2879–2888.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008735" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001004D">Hill, J. A. (1998). Miscarriage risk factors and causes: What we know now. <cite>OBG Management</cite>, <i>10</i>, 58–68.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008737" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001004E">Hill, P. C., &amp; Butter E. M. (1995). The role of religion in promoting physical health. <cite>Journal of Psychology and Christianity</cite>, <i>14</i>(2), 141–155.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008739" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001004F">Hillman, C. H., Pontifex, M. B., Raine, L. B., Castelli, D. M., Hall, E. E., &amp; Kramer, A. F. (2009). The effect of acute treadmill walking on cognitive control and academic achievement in preadolescent children. <cite>Neuroscience</cite>, <i>159</i>(3), 1044–1054.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000873B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010050">Hilton, J. L., &amp; von Hipple, W. (1996). Stereotypes. <cite>Annual Review of Psychology</cite>, <i>47</i>, 237–271.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000873D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010051">Hilts, P. J. (August 2, 1998). Is nicotine addictive? It depends on whose criteria you use. <cite>New York Times</cite>, p. C3.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000873F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010052">Hines, T. (2003). <cite>Pseudoscience and the paranormal: A critical examination of the evidence</cite>. Amherst, NY: Prometheus.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008741" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010053">Hintze, J. M. (2002). Interventions for fears and anxiety problems. In M. R. Shinn, H. R. Walker, &amp; G. Stoner (Eds.), <cite>Interventions for academic and behavior problems II: Preventive and remedial approaches</cite> (pp. 939–954). Bethesda, MD: National Association of School Psychologists.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008743" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010054">Hirshkowitz, M., Whiton, K., Albert, S. M., Alessi, C., Bruni, O., DonCarlos, L., . . . Hillard, P. J. A. (2015). National Sleep Foundation’s sleep time duration recommendations: Methodology and results summary. <cite>Sleep Health: Journal of the National Sleep Foundation</cite>, <i>1</i>(1), 40–43. Available at <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.sleephealthjournal.org/article/S2352–7218%2815%2900015–7/abstract</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008745" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010055">Hirst, W., &amp; Phelps, E. A. (2016). Flashbulb memories. <cite>Current Directions in Psychological Science</cite>, <i>25</i>(1), 36–41.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008747" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010056">Hirvonen, J., Goodwin, R. S., Li, C.-T., Terry, G. E., Zoghbi, S. S., Morse, C., . . . Innis, R. B. (2011). Reversible and regionally selective downregulation of brain cannabinoid CB1 receptors in chronic daily cannabis smokers. <cite>Molecular Psychiatry</cite>, <i>17</i>(6), 642–649. doi: 10.1038/mp.2011.82</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008749" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010057">Hnasko, T. S., Chuhma, N., Zhang, H., Goh, G. Y., Sulzer, D., Palmiter, R. D., . . . Edwards, R. H. (2010). Vesicular glutamate transport promotes dopamine storage and glutamate corelease in vivo. <cite>Neuron</cite>, <i>65,</i> 643–656.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000874B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010058">Hobson, J. A. (1988). <cite>The dreaming brain</cite>. New York: Basic Books.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000874D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010059">Hobson, J. A., &amp; McCarley, R. (1977). The brain as a dream state generator: An activation-synthesis hypothesis of the dream process. <cite>American Journal of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>134</i>, 1335–1348.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000874F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001005A">Hobson, J. A., Pace-Schott, E., &amp; Stickgold, R. (2000). Dreaming and the brain: Towards a cognitive neuroscience of conscious states. <cite>Behavioral and Brain Sciences</cite>, <i>23</i>(6), 793–1121.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008751" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001005B">Hochman, J. (1994). Buried memories challenge the law. <cite>National Law Journal</cite>, <i>1</i>, 17–18.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008753" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001005C">Hodges, J. R. (1994). Retrograde amnesia. In A. Baddeley, B. A. Wilson, &amp; F. Watts (Eds.), <cite>Handbook of memory disorders</cite> (pp. 81–107). New York: Wiley.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008755" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001005D">Hodgson, B. (2001). <cite>In the arms of Morpheus: The tragic history of laudanum, morphine, and patent medicines</cite>. New York: Firefly Books.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008757" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001005E">Hodson, D. S., &amp; Skeen, P. (1994). Sexuality and aging: The hammerlock of myths. <cite>The Journal of Applied Gerontology</cite>, <i>13</i>, 219–235.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008759" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001005F">Hoebel, B. G., &amp; Teitelbaum, P. (1966). Weight regulation in normal and hypothalamic hyperphagic rats. <cite>Journal of Comparative Physiological Psychology</cite>, <i>61</i>, 189–193.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000875B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010060">Hoeft, F., Gabrieli, J. D. E., Whitfield-Gabrieli, S., Haas, B. W., Bammer, R., Menon, V., &amp; Spiegel, D. (2012). Functional brain basis of hypnotizability. <cite>Archives of General Psychiatry</cite>, <i>69</i>(10): 1064.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000875D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010061">Hoffrage, U., Hertwig, R., &amp; Gigerenzer, G. (2000). Hindsight bias: A by-product of knowledge updating? <cite>Journal of Experimental Psychology: Learning, Memory, and Cognition</cite>, <i>26</i>, 566–581.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000875F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010062">Hoferichter, F., Raufelder, D., &amp; Eid, M. (2015). Socio-motivational moderators–two sides of the same coin? Testing the potential buffering role of socio-motivational relationships on achievement drive and test anxiety among German and Canadian secondary school students. <cite>Frontiers in Psychology</cite>, <i>6</i>, 1675.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008761" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010063">Hofstede, G. H. (1980). <cite>Culture’s consequences, international differences in work-related values</cite>. Beverly Hills, CA: Sage.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008763" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010064">Hofstede, G. J., Pedersen, P. B., &amp; Hofstede, G. H. (2002). <cite>Exploring culture: Exercises, stories, and synthetic cultures</cite>. Yarmouth, ME: Intercultural Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008765" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010065">Hogg, M. A., &amp; Hains, S. C. (1998). Friendship and group identification: A new look at the role of cohesiveness in groupthink. <cite>European Journal of Social Psychology</cite>, <i>28</i>(1), 323–341.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008767" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010066">Holahan, C. K., &amp; Sears, R. R. (1996). <cite>The gifted group at later maturity</cite>. Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008769" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010067">Holcomb, W. R. (1986). Stress inoculation therapy with anxiety and stress disorders of acute psychiatric patients. <cite>Journal of Clinical Psychology</cite>, <i>42</i>, 864–872.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000876B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010068">Holden, C., &amp; Vogel, G. (2002). Plasticity: Time for a reappraisal? <cite>Science</cite>, <i>296</i>, 2126–2129.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000876D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010069">Hollon, S. D., &amp; Beck, A. T. (1994). Cognitive and cognitive-behavioral therapies. In A. E. Bergin &amp; and S. L. Garfield (Eds.), <cite>Handbook of psychotherapy and behavior change</cite> (4th ed., p. 428). Chichester, UK: John Wiley &amp; Sons.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000876F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001006A">Hollon, S. D., These, M., &amp; Markowitz, J. (2002). Treatment and prevention of depression. <cite>Psychological Science in the Public Interest</cite>, <i>3</i>, 39–77.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008771" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001006B">Holman, E. A., Silver, R. C., Poulin, M., Andersen, J., Gil-Rivas, V., &amp; McIntosh, D. N. (2008). Terrorism, acute stress, and cardiovascular health: A 3-year national study following the September 11th attacks. <cite>Archives of General Psychiatry</cite>, <i>65</i>, 73–80.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008773" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001006C">Holm-Denoma, J. M., Joiner, T. E., Vohs, K. D., &amp; Heatherton, T. F. (2008). The “freshman fifteen” (the “freshman five” actually): Predictors and possible explanations. <cite>Health Psychology</cite>, <i>27</i>(1), S3–9. doi: 10.1037/0278–6133.27.1.S3</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008775" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001006D">Holmes, O. W. (1892). Preface to “Homeopathy and its Kindred Delusions.” Medical Essays, vol. X of The Standard Edition of The Works of Oliver Wendell Holmes, xiii, pp. 6–70. Boston: Houghton Mifflin.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008777" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001006E">Holmes, T. H., &amp; Masuda, M. (1973). Psychosomatic syndrome: When mothers-in-law or other disasters visit, a person can develop a bad, bad cold. <cite>Psychology Today</cite>, <i>5</i>(11), 71–72, 106.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008779" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001006F">Holmes, T. H., &amp; Rahe, R. H. (1967). The Social Readjustment Rating Scale. <cite>Journal of Psychosomatic Research II</cite>, 213–218.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000877B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010070">Holroyd, J. (1996). Hypnosis treatment of clinical pain: Understanding why hypnosis is useful. <cite>International Journal of Clinical and Experimental Hypnosis</cite>, <i>44</i>, 33–51.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000877D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010071">Holt-Lunstad, J., Uchino, B. N., Smith, T. W., Cerny, C. B., &amp; Nealey-Moore, J. B. (2003). Social relationships and ambulatory blood pressure: Structural and qualitative predictors of cardiovascular function during everyday social interactions. <cite>Health Psychology</cite>, <i>22</i>, 388–397.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000877F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010072">Holtzheimer, P. E., Kelley, M. E., Gross, R. E., Filkowski, M. M., Garlow, S. J., Barrocas, A., . . . Mayberg, H. S. (2012). Subcallosal cingulate deep brain stimulation for treatment-resistant unipolar and bipolar depression. <cite>Archives of General Psychiatry</cite>, <i>69</i>(2), 150–158. doi: 10.1001/archgenpsychiatry.2011.1456</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008781" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010073">Hong, D., Scaletta-Kent, J., &amp; Kesler, S. (2009). Cognitive profile of Turner syndrome. <cite>Developmental Disabilities Research Reviews</cite>, <i>15</i>(4), 270–278. doi: 10.1002/ddrr.79</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008783" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010074">Hood, D. C. (1998). Lower-level visual processing and models of light adaptation. <cite>Annual Review of Psychology</cite>, <i>49</i>, 503–535.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008785" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010075">Hopfinger, J. B., Buonocore, M. H., &amp; Mangun, G. R. (2000). The neural mechanisms of top-down attentional control. <cite>Nature Neuroscience</cite>, <i>3</i>, 284–291.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008787" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010076">Hopkins, J. R. (2011). The enduring influence of Jean Piaget. <cite>Observer</cite>, <i>24</i>(10), 35–36. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.psychologicalscience.org/index.php/publications/observer/<wbr/>2011/december-11/jean-piaget.html</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008789" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010077">Horikawa, T., Tamaki, M., Miyawaki, Y., &amp; Kamitani, Y. (2013). Neural decoding of visual imagery during sleep. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>340</i>(6132), 639–642.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000878B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010078">Horne, J. A., &amp; Staff, C. H. (1983). Exercise and sleep: Body heating effects. <cite>Sleep</cite>, <i>6</i>, 36–46.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000878D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010079">Horney, K. (1939). <cite>New ways in psychoanalysis</cite>. New York: W. W. Norton.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000878F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001007A">Horney, K. (1967/1973). <cite>Feminine psychology</cite>. New York: W. W. Norton.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008791" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001007B">Hornung, J. P. (2012). Raphe nuclei. In J. K. Mai &amp; G. Paxinos (Eds.), <cite>The human nervous system</cite> (pp. 642–685). London, UK: Academic Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008793" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001007C">Horowitz, D. L. (1985). <cite>Ethnic groups in conflict</cite>. Berkeley: University of California Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008795" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001007D">Hortaçsu, N. (1999). The first year of family and couple initiated marriages of a Turkish sample: A longitudinal investigation. <cite>International Journal of Psychology</cite>, <i>34</i>(1), 29–41.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008797" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001007E">Hossain, P., Kawar, B., &amp; El Nahas, M. (2007). Obesity and diabetes in the developing world–A growing challenge. <cite>New England Journal of Medicine</cite>, <i>356</i>(9), 973.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008799" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001007F">Hothersall, D. (1995). <cite>History of psychology</cite>. New York: McGraw-Hill, Inc.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000879B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010080">Hovland, C. I. (1937). The generalization of conditioned responses. I. The sensory generalization of conditioned responses with varying frequencies of tone. <cite>Journal of General Psychology</cite>, <i>17</i>, 125–48.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000879D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010081">Hozel, B., Lazar, S., Gard, T., Schulman-Olivier, Z., Vago, R., &amp; Ott, U. (2011). How does mindfulness meditation work? Proposing mechanisms of action from a conceptual and neural perspective. <cite>Perspectives on Psychological Science</cite> <i>6</i>(6), 537–559.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000879F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010082">Hsu, B., Cumming, R. G., Waite, L. M., Blyth, F. M., Naganathan, V., Couteur, D. G. L., . . . Handelsman, D. J. (2015). Longitudinal relationships between reproductive hormones and cognitive decline in older men: The Concord Health and Ageing in Men project. <cite>The Journal of Clinical Endocrinology &amp; Metabolism</cite>, <i>100</i>(6), 2223–2230. doi: doi:10.1210/jc.2015–1016</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087A1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010083">Hu, P., &amp; Meng, Z. (August, 1996). <cite>An examination of infant–mother attachment in China</cite>. Poster session presented at the meeting of the International Society for the Study of Behavioral Development, Quebec City, Quebec, Canada.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087A3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010084">Hu, S., Pattatucci, A. M. L., Patterson, C., Li, L., Fulker, D. W., Cherny, S. S., . . . Hamer, D. H. (1994). Linkage between sexual orientation and chromosome Xq28 in males but not in females. <cite>Nature Genetics</cite>, <i>11</i>, 248–256.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087A5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010085">Hu, S., &amp; Stern, R. M. (1999). Retention of adaptation to motion sickness eliciting stimulation. <cite>Aviation, Space, and Environmental Medicine</cite>, <i>70</i>, 766–768.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087A7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010086">Hu, X., Pornpattananangkul, N., &amp; Rosenfeld, J. P. (2013). N200 and P300 as orthogonal and integrable indicators of distinct awareness and recognition processes in memory detection. <cite>Psychophysiology</cite>, <i>50</i>(5), 454–464. doi: 10.1111/psyp.12018</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087A9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010087">Huang, J. Y., &amp; Bargh, J. A. (2014). The selfish goal: Autonomously operating motivational structures as the proximate cause of human judgment and behavior. <cite>Behavioral and Brain Sciences</cite>, <i>37</i>(2), 121–135.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087AB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010088">Huang, Y., Li, Y., Chen, J., Zhou, H., &amp; Tan, S. (2015). Electrical stimulation elicits neural stem cells activation: New perspectives in CNS repair. <cite>Frontiers in Human Neuroscience</cite>, <i>9</i>, 586. doi: 10.3389/fnhum.2015.00586</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087AD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010089">Hubbard, E. M., &amp; Ramachandran, V. S. (2005). Neurocognitive mechanisms of synesthesia. <cite>Neuron</cite>, <i>48</i>(3), 509–520. doi: 10.1016/j.neuron.2005.10.012</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087AF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001008A">Hubel, D. H., &amp; Wiesel, T. N. (1959). Receptive fields of single neurons in the cat’s striate cortex. <cite>The Journal of Physiology</cite>, <i>148</i>, 574–591.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087B1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001008B">Huesmann, L. R., &amp; Eron, L. (1986). <cite>Television and the aggressive child: A cross-national comparison</cite>. Hillsdale, NJ: Erlbaum.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087B3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001008C">Huesmann, L. R., &amp; Miller, L. S. (1994). Long-term effects of repeated exposure to media violence in childhood. In L. R. Huesmann (Ed.), <cite>Aggressive behavior: Current perspectives</cite> (pp. 153–183). New York: Plenum Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087B5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001008D">Huesmann, L. R., Moise, J. F., &amp; Podolski, C. L. (1997). The effects of media violence on the development of antisocial behavior. In D. M. Stoff, J. Breiling, &amp; J. D. Maser (Eds.), <cite>Handbook of antisocial behavior</cite> (pp. 181–193). New York: John Wiley.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087B7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001008E">Huesmann, L. R., Moise-Titus, J., Podolski, C. L., &amp; Eron, L. D. (2003). Longitudinal relations between children’s exposure to TV violence and their aggressive and violent behavior in young adulthood: 1977–1992. <cite>Developmental Psychology</cite>, <i>39</i>(2), 201–221.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087B9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001008F">Hugenberg, K., &amp; Bodenhausen, G. V. (2003). Facing prejudice: Implicit prejudice and the perception of facial threat. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>14</i>, 640–643.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087BB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010090">Hughes, J. (1993). Behavior therapy. In T. R. Kratochwill &amp; R. J. Morris (Eds.), <cite>Handbook of psychotherapy with children and adolescents</cite> (pp. 185–220). Boston: Allyn and Bacon.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087BD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010091">Hughes, S. M., Harrison, M. A., &amp; Gallup, G. G., Jr. (2007). Sex differences in romantic kissing among college students: An evolutionary perspective. <cite>Evolutionary Psychology</cite>, <i>5</i>(3), 612–631.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087BF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010092">Hull, C. L. (1943). <cite>Principles of behavior</cite>. New York: Appleton-Century.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087C1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010093">Hull, J. G., Draghici, A. M., &amp; Sargent, J. D. (2012). A longitudinal study of risk-glorifying video games and reckless driving. <cite>Psychology of Popular Media Culture</cite>, <i>1</i>(4), 244–253. doi: 10.1037/a0029510</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087C3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010094">Hummer, R. A., Rogers, R. G., Nam, C. B., &amp; Ellison, C. G. (1999). Religious involvement and U.S. adult mortality. <cite>Demography</cite>, <i>36</i>(2), 273–285.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087C5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010095">Humphries, L. L. (1987). Bulimia: Diagnosis and treatment. <cite>Comprehensive Therapy</cite>, <i>13</i>, 12–15.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087C7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010096">Hunsley, J., Elliott, K., &amp; Therrien, Z. (2014). The efficacy and effectiveness of psychological treatments for mood, anxiety, and related disorders. <cite>Canadian Psychology</cite>, <i>55</i>(3), 161–176.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087C9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010097">Hunsley, J., &amp; Mash, E. J. (2008). Developing criteria for evidence-based assessment: An introduction to assessments that work. In J. Hunsley &amp; E. J. Mash (Eds.), <cite>A guide to assessments that work</cite> (3rd ed.). New York: Guilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087CB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010098">Hunt, E. (2001). Multiple views of multiple intelligence. [Review of Intelligence reframed: Multiple intelligence in the 21st century.] <cite>Contemporary Psychology</cite>, <i>46</i>, 5–7.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087CD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010099">Hunt, M. (1993). <cite>The story of psychology</cite>. New York: Doubleday.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087CF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001009A">Hurlemann, R., Patin, A., Onur, O. A., Cohen, M. X., Baumgartner, T., Metzler, S., . . . Kendrick, K. M. (2010). Oxytocin enhances amygdala-dependent, socially reinforced learning and emotional empathy in humans. <cite>Journal of Neuroscience</cite>, <i>301</i>, 4999–5007. doi: 10.1523/JNEUROSCI.553809.2010</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087D1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001009B">Hurley, D. (1989). The search for cocaine’s methadone. <cite>Psychology Today</cite>, <i>23</i>(7/8), 54.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087D3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001009C">Hurley, S., &amp; Nudds, M. (Eds.). (2006). <cite>Rational animals?</cite> Oxford, UK: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087D5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001009D">Hurvich, L. M., &amp; Jameson, D. (1957). An opponent-process theory of color vision. <cite>Psychological Review</cite>, <i>64</i>, 384–404.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087D7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001009E">Hutcheson, J., &amp; Snyder, H. M. (2004). Ambiguous genitalia and intersexuality. <cite>eMedicine Journal</cite>, <i>5</i>(5). Retrieved November 17, 2004, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://author.emedicine.com/PED/topic1492.htm</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087D9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001009F">Hvas, L. (2001). Positive aspects of menopause: A qualitative study. <cite>Maturitas</cite> <i>39</i>(1), 11–17.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087DB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100A0">Hyde, J. S., &amp; Kling, K. C. (2001). Women, motivation, and achievement. <cite>Psychology of Women Quarterly</cite>, <i>25</i>, 264–378.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087DD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100A1">Hyde, J. S., &amp; Plant, E. A. (1995). Magnitude of psychological gender differences. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>50</i>, 159–161.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087DF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100A2">Hygge, S. A., &amp; Öhman, A. (1976). The relation of vicarious to direct instigation and conditioning of electrodermal responses. <cite>Scandanavian Journal of Psychology</cite>, <i>17</i>(1), 217–222.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087E1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100A3">Hyman, I. E., Jr. (1993). Imagery, reconstructive memory, and discovery. In B. Roskos-Ewoldsen, M. J. Intons-Peterson, &amp; R. E. Anderson (Eds.), <cite>Imagery, creativity, and discovery: A cognitive perspective</cite> (pp. 99–121). The Netherlands: Elsevier Science.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087E3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100A4">Hyman, I. E., Gilstrap, L. L., Decker, K., &amp; Wilkinson, C. (1998). Manipulating remember and know judgements of autobiographical memories. <cite>Applied Cognitive Psychology</cite>, <i>12</i>, 371–386</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087E5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100A5">Hyman, I. E., Jr., &amp; Loftus, E. F. (1998). Errors in autobiographical memories. <cite>Clinical Psychology Review</cite>, <i>18</i>, 933–947.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087E7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100A6">Hyman, I. E., Jr., &amp; Loftus, E. F. (2002). False childhood memories and eyewitness memory errors. In M. L. Eisen, J. A. Quas, &amp; G. S. Goodman (Eds.), <cite>Memory and suggestibility in the forensic interview</cite> (pp. 63–84). Mahwah, NJ: Erlbaum.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087E9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100A7">Hyman, S. E., &amp; Cohen, J. D. (2013). Disorders of mood and anxiety. In E. R. Kandel, J. H. Schwartz, T. M. Jessell, S. A. Siegelbaum, &amp; A. J. Hudspeth (Eds.), <cite>Principles of neural science</cite> (5th ed., pp. 1402–1424). USA: McGraw-Hill.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087EB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100A8">Iacoboni, M., Woods, R. P., Brass, M., Bekkering, H., Mazziotta, J. C., &amp; Rizzolatti, G. (1999). Cortical mechanisms of human imitation. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>286</i>, 2526–2528.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087ED" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100A9">Iacono, W. G. (2001). Forensic “lie detection”: Procedures without scientific basis. <cite>Journal of Forensic Psychology Practice</cite>, <i>1</i>(1), 75–86.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087EF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100AA">Iber, C., Ancoli-Israel, S., Chesson Jr., A. L., &amp; Quan, S. F. (2007). <cite>The AASM Manual for the scoring of sleep and associated events: Rules, terminology and technical specifications</cite>. Westchester, IL: American Academy of Sleep Medicine.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087F1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100AB">Imaizumi, Y. (1998). A comparative study of twinning and triplet rates in 17 countries, 1972–1996. <cite>Acta Genetic Medicine &amp; Gemellology</cite>, <i>47</i>, 101–114.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087F3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100AC">Insel, T. R. (2013, Apr. 25). Transforming diagnosis. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.nimh.nih.gov/about/director/2013/transforming-diagnosis.shtml</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087F5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100AD">Insel, T. R., &amp; Cuthbert, B. N. (2015). Brain disorders? Precisely. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>348</i>(6234), 499–500.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087F7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100AE">Insel, T. R., &amp; Wang, P. S. (2010). Rethinking mental illness. <cite>The Journal of the American Medical Association</cite>, <i>303</i>(19). 1970–1971.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087F9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100AF">Ioannidis, J. P. A. (1998, January 28). Effect of the statistical significance of results on the time to completion and publication of randomized efficacy trials. <cite>Journal of the American Medical Association</cite>, <i>279</i>, 281–286.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087FB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100B0">Irwin, A. R., &amp; Gross, A. M. (1995). Cognitive tempo, violent video games, and aggressive behavior in young boys. <cite>Journal of Family Violence</cite>, <i>10</i>(3), 337–350.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087FD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100B1">Irwin, M., Cole, J., &amp; Nicassio, P. (2006). Comparative meta-analysis of behavioral intervention for insomnia and their efficacy in middle aged adults and in older adults 55+ years of age. <cite>Health Psychology</cite>, <i>25</i>, 3–14.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000087FF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100B2">Isabel, J. (2003). <cite>Genetics: An introduction for dog breeders</cite>. Loveland, CO: Alpine.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008801" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100B3">Isenberg, D. J. (1986). Group polarization: A critical review and meta-analysis. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>50</i>(6), 1141–1151.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008803" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100B4">Ivory, J. D. (2006). Still a man’s game: Gender representation in online reviews of video games. <cite>Mass Communication &amp; Society</cite>, <i>9</i>(1), 103–114.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008805" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100B5">Iwakabe, S. (2008). Psychotherapy integration in Japan. <cite>Journal of Psychotherapy Integration</cite>, <i>18</i>(1), 103–125.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008807" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100B6">Iwamoto, E. T., &amp; Martin, W. (1988). A critique of drug self-administration as a method for predicting abuse potential of drugs. <cite>National Institute on Drug Abuse Research Monograph</cite>, <i>1046</i>, 81457–81465.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008809" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100B7">Izard, C. (1988). Emotion-cognition relationships and human development. In C. Izard, J. Kagan, &amp; R. Zajonc (Eds.), <cite>Emotions, cognition, and behavior</cite>. New York: Cambridge University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000880B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100B8">Jackson, L. A., &amp; Wang, J.-L. (2013). Cultural differences in social networking site use: A comparative study of China and the United States. <cite>Computers in Human Behavior</cite>, <i>29</i>(3), 910. doi: 10.1016/j.chb.2012.11.024</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000880D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100B9">Jackson, M. L., Gunzelmann, G., Whitney, P., Hinson, J. M., Belenky, G., Rabat, A., &amp; Van Dongen, H. P. (2013). Deconstructing and reconstructing cognitive performance in sleep deprivation. <cite>Sleep Medicine Reviews</cite>, <i>17</i>(3), 215–225. doi: 10.1016/j.smrv.2012.06.007</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000880F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100BA">Jackson, T., Iezzi, T., Gunderson, J., Fritch, A., &amp; Nagasaka, T. (2002). Gender differences in pain perception: The mediating role of self-efficacy beliefs. <cite>Sex Roles</cite>, <i>47</i>, 561–568.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008811" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100BB">Jacobson, S. G., Cideciyan A. V., Regunath, G., Rodriguez, F. J., Vandenburgh, K., Sheffield, V. C., &amp; Stone, E. M. (1995). Night blindness in Sorsby’s fundus dystrophy reversed by vitamin A. <cite>Nature Genetics</cite>, <i>11</i>, 27–32.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008813" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100BC">Jaeggi, S. M., Buschkuehl, M., Jonides, J., &amp; Perrig, W. J. (2008). Improving fluid intelligence with training on working memory. <cite>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, USA</cite>, <i>105</i>(19), 6829–6833.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008815" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100BD">Jamal, A., Homa, D. M., O’Connor, E., Babb, S. D., Caraballo, R. S., Singh, T., . . . King, R. A. (2015). Current cigarette smoking among adults–United States, 2005–2014. <i>Centers for Disease Control and Prevention: Morbidity and mortality weekly report (MMWR), 64</i>(44), 1233–1240.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008817" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100BE">James, W. (1884). What is an emotion? <cite>Mind</cite>, <i>9</i>, 188–205.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008819" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100BF">James, W. (1890, 2002). <cite>The principles of psychology (Vols. 1 and 2)</cite>. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000881B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100C0">James, W. (1890). <cite>Principles of psychology</cite>. New York: Henry Holt.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000881D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100C1">James, W. (1894). The physical basis of emotion. <cite>Psychological Review</cite>, <i>1</i>, 516–529.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000881F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100C2">Jameson, M., Diehl, R., &amp; Danso, H. (2007). Stereotype threat impacts college athletes’ academic performance. <cite>Current Research in Social Psychology</cite>, <i>12</i>(5), 68–79.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008821" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100C3">Jamieson, J. P., Nock, M. K., &amp; Mendes, W. B. (2012). Mind over matter: Reappraising arousal improves cardiovascular and cognitive responses to stress. <cite>Journal of Experimental Psychology: General</cite>, <i>141</i>(3), 417–422.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008823" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100C4">Jamieson, J. P., Nock, M. K., &amp; Mendes, W. B. (2013). Changing the conceptualization of stress in social anxiety disorder: Affective and physiological consequences. <cite>Clinical Psychological Science</cite>, <i>1</i>, 363–374.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008825" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100C5">Jang, K. L., Livesley, W. J., &amp; Vernon, P. A. (1996). Heritability of the Big Five personality dimensions and their facets: A twin study. <cite>Journal of Personality</cite>, <i>64</i>, 577–591.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008827" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100C6">Jang, K. L., McCrae, R. R., Angleitner, A., Riemann, R., &amp; Livesley, W. J. (1998). Heritability of facet-level traits in a cross-cultural twin sample: Support for a hierarchical model of personality. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>74</i>, 1556–1565.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008829" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100C7">Janis, I. (1972). <cite>Victims of groupthink</cite>. Boston: Houghton-Mifflin.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000882B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100C8">Janis, I. (1982). <cite>Groupthink</cite> (2nd ed.). Boston: Houghton-Mifflin.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000882D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100C9">Janos, P. M. (1987). A fifty-year follow-up of Terman’s youngest college students and IQ-matched agemates. <cite>Gifted Child Quarterly</cite>, <i>31</i>, 55–58.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000882F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100CA">Janowitz, H. D. (1967). Role of gastrointestinal tract in the regulation of food intake. In C. F. Code (Ed.), <cite>Handbook of physiology: Alimentary canal, Section 6, Volume 1</cite>. Washington, DC: American Physiological Society.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008831" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100CB">January, D., &amp; Kako, E. (2007). Re-evaluating evidence for linguistic relativity: Reply to Boroditsky (2001). <cite>Cognition</cite>, <i>104</i>(2), 417–426.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008833" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100CC">Janus, S. S., &amp; Janus, C. L. (1993). <cite>The Janus report on sexual behavior</cite>. New York: John Wiley &amp; Sons.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008835" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100CD">Jay, S. M., &amp; Elliot, C. H. (1990). A stress inoculation program for parents whose children are undergoing medical procedures. <cite>Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology</cite>, <i>58</i>, 799–804.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008837" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100CE">Jehn, K., Northcraft, G., &amp; Neale, M. (1999). Why differences make a difference: A field study of diversity, conflict, and performance in workgroups. <cite>Administrative Science Quarterly</cite>, <i>44</i>, 741–763.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008839" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100CF">Jencius, M. (2015). Technology, social media, and online counseling. In B. Herlihy &amp; G. Corey (Eds.), <cite>ACA ethical standards casebook</cite> (7th ed., pp. 245–258). Alexandria, VA: American Counseling Association.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000883B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100D0">Jensen, A. R. (1969). How much can we boost IQ and scholastic achievement? <cite>Harvard Educational Review</cite>, <i>39</i>, 1–123.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000883D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100D1">Jensen, M. P., Gertz, K. J., Kupper, A. E., Braden, A. L., Howe, J. D., Hakimian, S., &amp; Sherlin, L. H. (2013). Steps toward developing an EEG biofeedback treatment for chronic pain. <cite>Applied Psychophysiology and Biofeedback</cite>. doi: 10.1007/s10484–013-9214–9</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000883F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100D2">Jeon, M., Walker, B. N., &amp; Gable, T. M. (2014). Anger effects on driver situation awareness and driving performance. <cite>MIT Press Journals: Presence</cite>, <i>23</i>(1), 71–89.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008841" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100D3">Joel, D., Berman, Z., Tavor, I., Wexler, N., Gaber, O., Stein, Y., . . . Assaf, Y. (2015). Sex beyond the genitalia: The human brain mosaic. <cite style="font-style: normal;"><em>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America, 112</em>(50), 15468–15473</cite>. doi: 10.1073/pnas.1509654112</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008843" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100D4">Johnson, C. P., &amp; Myers, S. M. (Council on Children with Disabilities). (2007). Identification and evaluation of children with autism spectrum disorders. <cite>Pediatrics</cite>, <i>120</i>(5), 1183–1215.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008845" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100D5">Johnson, D., Johnson, R., &amp; Smith, K. (1991). <cite>Active learning: Cooperation in the college classroom</cite>. Edna, MN: Interaction Book Company.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008847" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100D6">Johnson, G. (1995, June 6). Chimp talk debate: Is it really language? <cite>New York Times</cite>.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008849" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100D7">Johnson, J., Cohen, P., Pine, D. S., Klein, D. F., Kasen, S., &amp; Brook, J. S. (2000). Association between cigarette smoking and anxiety disorders during adolescence and early adulthood. <cite>Journal of the American Medical Association</cite>, <i>284</i>(18), 2348–2351.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000884B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100D8">Johnson, M. E., Brems, C., Mills, M. E., Neal, D. B., &amp; Houlihan, J. L. (2006). Moderating effects of control on the relationship between stress and change. <cite>Administration and Policy in Mental Health and Mental Health Services Research</cite>, <i>33</i>(4), 499–503.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000884D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100D9">Johnson, R. M., Fairman, B., Gilreath, T., Xuan, Z., Rothman, E. F., Parnham, T. C., &amp; Furr-Holden, D. M. (2015). Past 15-year trends in adolescent marijuana use: Differences by race/ethnicity and sex. <cite>Drug and Alcohol Dependence</cite>, doi: 10.1016/j.drugalcdep.2015.08.025</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000884F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100DA">Johnson, W., Bouchard, T. J., Jr., McGue, M., Segal, N. L., Tellegen, A., Keyes, M., &amp; Gottesman, I. I. (2007). Genetic and environmental influences on the Verbal-Perceptual-Image Rotation (VPR) model of the structure of mental abilities in the Minnesota Study of Twins Reared Apart. <cite>Intelligence</cite>, <i>35</i>(6), 542–562.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008851" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100DB">Johnston, L. D., O’Malley, P. M., Bachman, J. G., Schulenberg, J. E. (2007). <cite>Monitoring the future national survey results on drug use, 1975–2006: Vol. 1. Secondary school students 2006</cite>. Bethesda, MD: National Institute on Drug Abuse; September 2007.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008853" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100DC">Jones, E. E., &amp; Harris, V. A. (1967). The attribution of attitudes. <cite>Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</cite>, <i>3</i>, 1–24.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008855" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100DD">Jones, E. J., Krupnick, J. L., &amp; Kerig, P. K. (1987). Some gender effects in a brief psychotherapy. <cite>Psychotherapy</cite>, <i>24</i>, 336–352.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008857" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100DE">Jones, G. W. (1997). Modernization and divorce: Contrasting trends in Islamic Southeast Asia and the West. <cite>Population and Development Review</cite>, <i>23</i>(1), 95–113.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008859" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100DF">Jones, M. C. (1924). A laboratory study of fear: The case of Peter. <cite>Pedagogical Seminary</cite>, <i>31</i>, 308–315.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000885B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100E0">Jones, M. K., &amp; Menzies, R. G. (1995). The etiology of fear of spiders. <cite>Anxiety, Stress and Coping</cite>, <i>8</i>, 227–234.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000885D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100E1">Josephson Institute Center for Youth Ethics. (2012). <cite>The ethics of American youth: 2012</cite>. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">https://charactercounts.org/programs/reportcard/2012/installment_report-card_honesty-integrity.html</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000885F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100E2">Judelsohn, R. G. (2007, November/December). Vaccine Safety: Vaccines are one of public health’s great accomplishments. <cite>Skeptical Inquirer</cite>,<em> 31</em>(6), 32–35. Retrieved June 13, 2010, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.csicop.org/si/show/vaccine_safety_vaccines<wbr/>_are_one_of_public_healthrsquos_great_accomplishment/</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008861" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100E3">Julien, R. M., Advokat, C. D., &amp; Comaty, J. E. (2011). <cite>A primer of drug action: A comprehensive guide to the actions, uses, and side effects of psychoactive drugs</cite> (12th ed.). New York: Worth Publishers.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008863" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100E4">Junco, R., &amp; Cotton, S. R. (2012). No A 4 U: The relationship between multitasking and academic performance. <cite>Computers &amp; Education</cite>, <i>59</i>, 505–514.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008865" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100E5">Jung, C. (1933). <cite>Modern man in search of a soul</cite>. New York: Harcourt Brace.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008867" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100E6">Jung, R. E., &amp; Haier, R. J. (2007). The parieto-frontal integration theory (P-FIT) of intelligence: Converging neuroimaging evidence. <cite>Behavioral and Brain Sciences</cite>, <i>30</i>(2), 135–154; discussion 154–187. doi: 10.1017/S0140525X07001185</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008869" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100E7">Kabat-Zinn, J., Lipworth, L., &amp; Burney, R. (1985). The clinical use of mindfulness meditation for the self-regulation of chronic pain. <cite>Journal of Behavioral Medicine</cite>, <i>8</i>, 163–190.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000886B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100E8">Kabat-Zinn, J., Lipworth, L., Burney, R., &amp; Sellers, W. (1986). Four year follow-up of a meditation-based program for the self regulation of chronic pain: Treatment outcomes and compliance. <cite>Clinical Journal of Pain</cite>, <i>2</i>, 159–173.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000886D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100E9">Kable, J. A., Coles, C. D., Lynch, M. E., &amp; Platzman, K. (2008). Physiological responses to social and cognitive challenges in 8-year-olds with a history of prenatal cocaine exposure. <cite>Developmental Psychobiology</cite>, <i>50</i>(3), 251–265.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000886F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100EA">Kagan, J. (1998). <cite>Galen’s prophecy: Temperament in human nature</cite>. New York: Basic Books.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008871" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100EB">Kagan, J. (2010). <cite>The temperamental thread</cite>. New York: Dana Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008873" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100EC">Kagan, J., Snidman, N., Kahn, V., &amp; Towsley, S. (2007). The preservation of two infant temperaments into adolescence. <cite>SRCD Monographs</cite>, <i>72</i>(2), 76–80.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008875" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100ED">Kahan, M., &amp; Sutton, N. (1998). Overview: Methadone treatment for the opioid-dependent patient. In B. Brands &amp; J. Brands (Eds.), <cite>Methadone maintenance: A physician’s guide to treatment</cite> (pp. 1–15). Toronto, ON: Addiction Research Foundation.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008877" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100EE">Kahneman, D. (2011). <cite>Thinking, fast and slow</cite>. New York: Farrar, Straus and Giroux.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008879" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100EF">Kahneman, D., Slovic, P., &amp; Tversky, A. (1982). <cite>Judgment under uncertainty: Heuristics and biases</cite>. New York: Cambridge University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000887B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100F0">Kahneman, D., &amp; Tversky, A. (1973). On the psychology of prediction. <cite>Psychological Review</cite>, <i>80</i>, 237–251.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000887D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100F1">Kail, R. &amp; Hall, L. K. (2001). Distinguishing short-term memory from working memory. <cite>Memory &amp; Cognition</cite>, <i>29</i>(1), 1–9.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000887F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100F2">Kaiser, A., Haller, S., Schmitz, S., &amp; Nitsch, C. (2009). On sex/gender related similarities and difference in fMRI language research. <cite>Brain Research Reviews</cite>, <i>61</i>, 49–59.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008881" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100F3">Kakko, J., Svanborg, K. D., Kreek, M. J., &amp; Heilig, M. (2003). 1-year retention and social function after buprenorphine-associated relapse prevention treatment for heroin dependence in Sweden: A randomised, placebo-controlled trial. <cite>Lancet</cite>, <i>361</i>, 662–668.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008883" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100F4">Kales, A., Soldatos, C., Bixler, E., Ladda, R. L., Charney, D. S., Weber, G., &amp; Schweitzer, P. K. (1980). Hereditary factors in sleepwalking and night terrors. <cite>British Journal of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>137</i>, 111–118.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008885" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100F5">Kalra, G., Subramanyam, A., &amp; Pinto, C. (2011). Sexuality: desire, activity and intimacy in the elderly. <cite>Indian Journal of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>53</i>(4), 300–306.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008887" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100F6">Kamau, C., &amp; Harorimana, D. (2008). Does knowledge sharing and withholding of information in organizational committees affect quality of group decision making? <cite>Proceedings of the 9th European Conference on Knowledge Management</cite> (pp. 341–348). Reading, PA: Academic.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008889" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100F7">Kamin, L. J. (1995, February). Behind the curve. <cite>Scientific American</cite>, 99–103.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000888B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100F8">Kandel, E. R. (2012). The molecular biology of memory: cAMP, PKA, CRE, CREB-1, CREB-2, and CPEB. <cite>Molecular Brain</cite>, <i>5</i>(14). doi: 10.1186/1756–6606-5–14</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000888D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100F9">Kandel, E. R., &amp; Schwartz, J. H. (1982). Molecular biology of learning: Modulation of transmitter release. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>218</i>, 433–443.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000888F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100FA">Kandel, E. R., &amp; Siegelbaum, S. A. (2013). Cellular mechanisms of implicit memory storage and the biological basis of individuality. In E. R. Kandel, J. H. Schwartz, T. M. Jessell, S. A. Siegelbaum, &amp; A. J. Hudspeth (Eds.), <cite>Principles of neural science</cite> (5th ed., pp. 1461–1486). USA: McGraw-Hill.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008891" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100FB">Kandler, C., Riemann, R., Spinath, F. M., &amp; Angleitner, A. (2010). Sources of variance in personality facets: A multiple-rater twin study of self–peer, peer–peer, and self–self (dis)agreement. <cite>Journal of Personality</cite>, <i>78</i>(5), 1565–1594. doi: 10.1111/j.1467–6494.2010.00661.x</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008893" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100FC">Kane, W. (2006). “No way my boys are going to be like that!” Parents’ responses to children’s gender nonconformity. <cite>Gender &amp; Society</cite>, <i>20</i>, 149–176.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008895" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100FD">Kaplan, D. M. (2016). Raising the bar: New concepts in the 2014 ACA code of ethics. In I. Marini &amp; M. A. Stebnicki (Eds.), <cite>The professional counselor’s desk reference</cite> (2nd ed., pp. 37–42). New York: Springer Publishing.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008897" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100FE">Kaplan, M. F., &amp; Miller, C. E. (1987). Group decision making and normative versus informational influence: Effects of type of issue and assigned decision rule. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>53</i>(2), 306–313.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008899" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000100FF">Karantzoulis, S., &amp; Galvin, J. E. (2011). Distinguishing Alzheimer’s disease from other major forms of dementia. <cite>Expert Review of Neurotherapeutics</cite>, <i>11</i>(11), 1579–1591.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000889B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010100">Karau, S. J., &amp; Williams, K. D. (1993). Social loafing: A meta-analytic review and theoretical integration. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>65</i>, 681–706.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000889D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010101">Karau, S. J., &amp; Williams, K. D. (1997). The effects of group cohesiveness on social loafing and social compensation. <cite>Group Dynamics: Theory, Research and Practice</cite>, <i>1</i>, 156–168.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000889F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010102">Karbach, J., &amp; Verhaeghen, P. (2014). Making working memory work: A meta-analysis of executive-control and working memory training in older adults. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>25</i>(11), 2027–2037. doi: 10.1177/0956797614548725</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088A1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010103">Karl, A., Birbaumer, N., Lutzenberger, W., Cohen, L. G., &amp; Flor, H. (2001). Reorganization of motor and somatosensory cortex in upper extremity amputees with phantom limb pain. <cite>The Journal of Neuroscience</cite>, <i>21</i>(10), 3609–3618.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088A3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010104">Karney, B. R., &amp; Bradbury, T. N. (2000). Attributions in marriage: State or trait? A growth curve analysis. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>78</i>, 295–309.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088A5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010105">Karpicke, J. D. (2012). Retrieval-based learning: Active retrieval promotes meaningful learning. <cite>Current Directions in Psychological Science</cite>, <i>21</i>(3), 157–163. doi: 10.1177/0963721412443552</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088A7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010106">Karpicke, J. D., &amp; Blunt, J. R. (2011). Retrieval practice produces more learning than elaborative studying with concept mapping. <cite>Science.</cite> doi: 10.1126scoemce/1199327.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088A9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010107">Kastenbaum, R., &amp; Costa, P. T., Jr. (1977). Psychological perspective on death. <cite>Annual Review of Psychology</cite>, <i>28</i>, 225–249.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088AB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010108">Kattari, S. K., &amp; Hasche, L. (2016). Difference across age groups in transgender and gender non-conforming people’s experiences of health care discrimination, harassment, and victimization. <cite>Journal of Aging and Health</cite>, <i>28</i>(2), 258–306.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088AD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010109">Katz, V. L. (2007). Spontaneous and recurrent abortion: Etiology, diagnosis, treatment. In V. L. Katz, G. M. Lentz, R. A. Lobo, &amp; D. M. Gershenson (Eds.), <cite>Comprehensive Gynecology</cite> (5th ed). Philadelphia: Mosby Elsevier.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088AF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001010A">Kaufman, G., Flanagan, M., Seidman, M., &amp; Wien, S. (2015). “Replay health”: An experiential role-playing sport for modeling healthcare decisions, policies, and outcomes. <cite>Games for Health Journal</cite>, <i>4</i>(4), 295–304. doi: 10.1089/g4h.2014.0134</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088B1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001010B">Kaufman, J., &amp; Zigler, E. (1993). The intergenerational transmission of abuse is overstated. In R. J. Gelles &amp; D. R. Loseke (Eds.), <cite>Current controversies on family violence</cite>. Newbury Park, CA: Sage.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088B3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001010C">Kaye, W. H., Fudge, J. L., &amp; Paulus, M. (2009). New insights into symptoms and neurocircuit function of anorexia nervosa. <cite>Nature Reviews Neuroscience</cite>, <i>10</i>(8), 573–584. doi: 10.1038/nrn2682</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088B5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001010D">Kaye, W. H., Wierenga, C. E., Bailer, U. F., Simmons, A. N., &amp; Bischoff-Grethe, A. (2013). Nothing tastes as good as skinny feels: The neurobiology of anorexia nervosa. <cite>Trends in Neurosciences</cite>, <i>36</i>(2), 110–120. doi: 10.1016/j.tins.2013.01.003</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088B7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001010E">Kazdin, A. E. (1980). Acceptability of time out from reinforcement procedures for disruptive behavior. <cite>Behavior Therapy</cite>, <i>11</i>(3), 329–344.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088B9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001010F">Kazdin, A. E. (2008). Evidence-based treatment and practice: New opportunities to bridge clinical research and practice, enhance the knowledge base, and improve patient care. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>63</i>(3), 146–159. doi: 10.1037/0003–066x.63.3.146</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088BB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010110">Kazmierczak, M., Kielbratowska, B., &amp; Pastwa-Wojciechowska, B. (2013). Couvade syndrome among polish expectant fathers. <cite>Medical Science Monitor</cite>, <i>19</i>, 132–138. doi: 10.12659/msm.883791</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088BD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010111">Kearney, C. A., &amp; Silverman, W. K. (1998). A critical review of pharmacotherapy for youth with anxiety disorders: Things are not as they seem. <cite>Journal of Anxiety Disorders</cite>, <i>12</i>, 83–102.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088BF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010112">Keel, P. K., &amp; Forney, K. J. (2013). Psychosocial risk factors for eating disorders. <cite>The International Journal of Eating Disorders</cite>, <i>46</i>(5), 433–439. doi: 10.1002/eat.22094</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088C1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010113">Keding, T. J., &amp; Herringa, R. J. (2015). Abnormal structure of fear circuitry in pediatric post-traumatic stress disorder. <cite>Neuropsychopharmacology</cite>, <i>40</i>(3), 537–545. doi: 10.1038/npp.2014.239</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088C3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010114">Keillor, J., Barrett, A., Crucian, G., Kortenkamp, S., &amp; Heilman, K. (2002). Emotional experience and perception in the absence of facial feedback. <cite>Journal of the International Neuropsychological Society</cite>, <i>8</i>(1), 130–135.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088C5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010115">Keirsey, D. (1998). <cite>Please understand me ii: Temperament character intelligence</cite>. Del Mar, CA: Prometheus Nemesis Book Company.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088C7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010116">Keith, T. Z., &amp; Reynolds, M. R. (2010). Cattell-Horn-Carroll abilities and cognitive tests: What we’ve learned from 20 years of research. <i>Psychology in the Schools</i>. doi: 10.1002/pits.20496</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088C9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010117">Keller, M. B., McCullough, J. P., Klein, D. N., Arnow, B., Dunner, D., Gelenberg, A., Markowitz, J. C., Nemeroff, C. B., Russell, J. M., Thase, M. E., Trivedi, M. H., &amp; Zajecka, J. (2000). A comparison of nefazodone, the cognitive behavioral-analysis system of psychotherapy, and their combination for the treatment of chronic depression. <cite>New England Journal of Medicine</cite>, <i>342</i>(20), 1462–1470.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088CB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010118">Kellermann, T., Regenbogen, C., De Vos, M., Mößnang, C., Finkelmeyer, A., &amp; Habel, U. (2012). Effective connectivity of the human cerebellum during visual attention. <cite>The Journal of Neuroscience</cite>, <i>32</i>(33), 11453–11460. doi: 10.1523/jneurosci.0678–12.2012</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088CD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010119">Kelly, I. (1980). The scientific case against astrology. <cite>Mercury</cite>, <i>10</i>(13), 135.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088CF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001011A">Kelly, J. A., McAuliffe, T. L., Sikkema, K. J., Murphy, D. A., Somlai, A. M., Mulry, G., . . . Fernandez, M. I. (1997). Reduction in risk behavior among adults with severe mental illness who learned to advocate for HIV prevention. <cite>Psychiatric Services</cite>, <i>48</i>(10), 1283–1288.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088D1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001011B">Kempf, L., &amp; Weinberger, D. R. (2009). Molecular genetics and bioinformatics: An outline for neuropsychological genetics. In T. E. Goldberg &amp; D. R. Weinberger (Eds.), <cite>The genetics of cognitive neuroscience</cite> (pp. 3–26). Cambridge, MA: MIT Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088D3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001011C">Kendall, P. (1983). Stressful medical procedures: Cognitive-behavioral strategies for stress management and prevention. In D. Meichenbaum &amp; M. Jaremko (Eds.), <cite>Stress reduction and prevention</cite> (pp. 159–190). New York: Plenum Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088D5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001011D">Kendall, P. C., Hudson, J. L., Gosch, E., Flannery-Schroeder, E., &amp; Suveg, C. (2008). Cognitive-behavioral therapy for anxiety disordered youth: A randomized clinical trial evaluating child and family modalities. <cite>Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology</cite>, <i>76</i>(2), 282–297.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088D7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001011E">Kendler, K. S. (1985). Diagnostic approaches to schizotypal personality disorders: A historical perspective. <cite>Schizophrenia Bulletin</cite>, <i>11</i>, 538–553.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088D9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001011F">Kendler, K. S., Czajkowski, N., Tambs, K., Torgersen, S., Aggen, S. H., Neale, M. C., &amp; Reichborn-Kjennerud, T. (2006). Dimensional representations of DSM-IV cluster A personality disorders in a population-based sample of Norwegian twins: A multivariate study. <cite>Psychological Medicine</cite>, <i>36</i>(11), 1583–1591. doi: 10.1017/s0033291706008609</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088DB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010120">Kendler, K. S., &amp; Prescott, C. A. (1999). A population-based twin study of lifetime major depression in men and women. <cite>Archives of General Psychiatry</cite>, <i>56</i>(1), 39–44.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088DD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010121">Kenny, A. (1968). Mind and body, In <cite>Descartes: A study of his philosophy</cite> (p. 279). New York: Random House.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088DF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010122">Kenny, A. (1994). Descartes to Kant. In A. Kenny (Ed.), <cite>The Oxford history of western philosophy</cite> (pp. 107–192). Oxford, England: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088E1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010123">Kenrick, D. T., Griskevicius, V., Neuberg, S. L., &amp; Schaller, M. (2010). Renovating the pyramid of needs: Contemporary extensions built upon ancient foundations. <cite>Perspectives on Psychological Science</cite>, <i>5</i>(3), 292–314.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088E3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010124">Kensinger, E. A., Shearer, D. K., Locascio, J. J., Growdon, J. H., &amp; Corkin, S. (2003). Working memory in mild Alzheimer’s disease and early Parkinson’s disease. <cite>Neuropsychology</cite>, <i>17</i>(2), 230–239.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088E5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010125">Keromoian, R., &amp; Leiderman, P. H. (1986). Infant attachment to mother and child caretaker in an East African community. <cite>International Journal of Behavioral Development</cite>, <i>9</i>, 455–469.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088E7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010126">Kerwin, D. R., Zhang, Y., Kotchen, J. M., Espeland, M. A., Van Horn, L., McTigue, K. M., . . . Hoffmann, R. (2010). The cross-sectional relationship between body mass index, waist–hip ratio, and cognitive performance in postmenopausal women enrolled in the women’s health initiative. <cite>Journal of the American Geriatric Society</cite>, <i>58</i>, 1427–1432. [Article first published online July 14, 2010]. doi: 10.1111/j.1532–5415.2010.02969.x</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088E9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010127">Kesebir, S., Graham, J., &amp; Oishi, S. (2010). A theory of human needs should be human-centered, not animal-centered. <cite>Perspectives on Psychological Science</cite>, <i>5</i>(3), 315–319.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088EB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010128">Kessler, R. C., Chiu, W. T., Demler, O., &amp; Walters, E. E. (2005). Prevalence, severity, and comorbidity of twelve-month DSM-IV disorders in the national comorbidity survey replication (NCS-R). <cite>Archives of General Psychiatry</cite>, <i>62</i>(6), 617–627. doi: 10.1001/archpsyc.62.6.617</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088ED" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010129">Kessler, R. C., Chiu, W. T., Jin, R., Ruscio, A. M., Shear, K., &amp; Walters, E. E. (2007). The epidemiology of panic attacks, panic disorder, and agoraphobia in the National Comorbidity Survey replication. <cite>Archives of General Psychiatry</cite>, <i>63</i>(4), 415–424. doi: 10.1001/archpsyc.63.4.415</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088EF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001012A">Kessler, R. C., Galea, S., Jones, R. T., Parker, H. A., &amp; Hurricane Katrina Community Advisory Group. (2006). Mental illness and suicidality after Hurricane Katrina. <cite>Bulletin of the World Health Organization</cite>, <i>84</i>(12): 930–939.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088F1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001012B">Kessler, R. C., Petukhova, M., Sampson, N. A., Zaslavsky, A. M., &amp; Wittchen, H. U. (2012). Twelve-month and lifetime prevalence and lifetime morbid risk of anxiety and mood disorders in the United States. <cite>International Journal of Methods in Psychiatric Research</cite>, <i>21</i>(3), 169–184. doi: 10.1002/mpr.1359</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088F3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001012C">Kettenmann, H., &amp; Ransom, B. R. (Eds.). (2013). <i>Neuroglia</i>. New York, NY: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088F5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001012D">Kety, S. S., Wender, P. H., Jacobsen, B., Ingaham, L. J., Jansson, L., Faber, B., &amp; Kinney, D. K. (1994). Mental illness in the biological and adoptive relatives of schizophrenic adoptees. <cite>Archives of General Psychiatry</cite>, <i>51</i>, 442–455.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088F7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001012E">Kiecolt-Glaser, J. K. (2009). Psychoneuroimmunology: Psychology’s gateway to the biomedical future. <cite>Perspectives on Psychological Science</cite>, <i>4</i>(4), 367.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088F9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001012F">Kiecolt-Glaser, J. K., Fisher, L. D., Ogrocki, P., Stout, J. C., Speicher, C. E., &amp; Glaser, R. (1987). Marital quality, marital disruption, and immune function. <cite>Psychosomatic Medicine</cite>, <i>49</i>, 13–34.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088FB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010130">Kiecolt-Glaser, J. K., Glaser, R., Gravenstein, S., Malarkey, W. B., &amp; Sheridan, J. (1996). Chronic stress alters the immune response to influenza virus vaccine in older adults. <cite>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, USA</cite>, <i>93</i>(7), 3043–3047.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088FD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010131">Kiecolt-Glaser, J. K., Marucha, P. T., Malarkey, W. B., &amp; Marcado, A. M. (1995). Slowing of wound healing by psychological stress. <cite>Lancet</cite>, <i>346</i>, 1194–1196.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000088FF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010132">Kiecolt-Glaser, J. K., McGuire, L., Robles, T., &amp; Glaser, R. (2002). Psychoneuroimmunology: Psychological influences on immune function and health. <cite>Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology</cite>, <i>70</i>, 537–547.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008901" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010133">Kihlstrom, J. F. (1985). Hypnosis. <cite>Annual Review of Psychology</cite>, <i>36</i>, 385–418.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008903" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010134">Kihlstrom, J. F. (1987). The cognitive unconscious. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>237</i>, 1445–1452.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008905" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010135">Kihlstrom, J. F. (1999). Conscious and unconscious cognition. In R. J. Sternberg (Ed.), <cite>The nature of cognition</cite> (pp. 173–203). Cambridge, MA: MIT Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008907" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010136">Kihlstrom, J. F. (2001). Hypnosis and the psychological unconscious. In Howard S. Friedman (Ed.), <cite>Assessment and therapy: Specialty articles from the encyclopedia of mental health</cite> (pp. 215–226). San Diego, CA: Academic Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008909" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010137">Kihlstrom, J. F. (2002a). Memory, autobiography, history. <cite>Proteus: A Journal of Ideas</cite>, <i>19</i>(2), 1–6.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000890B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010138">Kihlstrom, J. F. (2002b). To honor Kraepelin …: From symptoms to pathology in the diagnosis of mental illness. In L. E. Beutler &amp; M. L. Malik (Eds.), <cite>Rethinking the DSM: A psychological perspective</cite> (pp. 279–303). Washington, DC: American Psychological Association.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000890D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010139">Kihlstrom, J., Mulvaney, S., Tobias, B., &amp; Tobis, I. (2000). The emotional unconscious. In E. Eich, J. Kihlstrom, G. Bower, J. Forgas, &amp; P. Niedenthal (Eds.), <cite>Cognition and emotion</cite> (pp. 30–86). New York: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000890F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001013A">Kim, D., &amp; Hommel, B. (2015). An event-based account of conformity. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>26</i>(4), 484. doi: 10.1177/0956797614568319</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008911" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001013B">Kim, H., &amp; Markus, H. R. (1999). Deviance or uniqueness, harmony or conformity? A cultural analysis. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>77</i>, 785–800.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008913" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001013C">Kim, K. C., &amp; Kim, S. (1999). The multiracial nature of Los Angeles unrest in 1992. In Kwang Chung Kim (Ed.), <cite>Koreans in the Hood: Conflict with African Americans</cite> (pp. 17–38). Baltimore, MD: Johns Hopkins University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008915" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001013D">Kimhi, Y. (2014). Theory of mind abilities and deficits in autism spectrum disorders. <cite>Topics in Language Disorders</cite>, 34(4), 329–343.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008917" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001013E">Kimura, D. (1999). <cite>Sex and cognition</cite>. Cambridge, MA: MIT Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008919" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001013F">Kimura, R., Mactavish, E., Yang, J., Westaway, D. &amp; Jhamandas, J. H. (2012). Beta amyloid-induced depression of hippocampal long-term potentiation is mediated through the amylin receptor. <cite>Journal of Neuroscience</cite>, <i>32</i>(48), 17401–17406. doi: 10.1523/%u200BJNEUROSCI.3028–12.2012</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000891B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010140">King, M. W., Street, A. E., Gradus, J. L., Vogt, D. S., &amp; Resick, P. A. (2013). Gender differences in posttraumatic stress symptoms among OEF/OIF veterans: An item response theory analysis. <cite>Journal of Traumatic Stress</cite>, <i>26</i>(2), 175–183. doi: 10.1002/jts.21802</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000891D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010141">Kinsey, A. C., Pomeroy, W. B., &amp; Martin, C. E. (1948). <cite>Sexual behavior in the human male</cite>. Philadelphia: W. B. Saunders.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000891F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010142">Kinsey, A. C., Pomeroy, W. B., Martin, C. E., &amp; Gebhard, P. H. (1953). <cite>Sexual behavior in the human female</cite>. New York: W. B. Saunders.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008921" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010143">Kirby, J. S., Chu, J. A., &amp; Dill, D. L. (1993). Correlates of dissociative symptomatology in patients with physical and sexual abuse histories. <cite>Comprehensive Psychiatry</cite>, <i>34</i>, 250–263.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008923" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010144">Kircanski, K., &amp; Peris, T. S. (2015). Exposure and response prevention process predicts treatment outcome in youth with OCD. <cite>Journal of Abnormal Child Psychology</cite>, <i>43</i>(3), 543–552. doi: 10.1007/s10802–014-9917–2</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008925" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010145">Kirchengast, S. (2009). Teenage-pregnancies–a biomedical and a sociocultural approach to a current problem. <cite>Current Women’s Health Reviews</cite>, <i>5</i>, 1–7.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008927" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010146">Kirmayer, L. J. (1991). The place of culture in psychiatric nosology: <i>Taijin kyofusho</i> and the <i>DSM-III-TR</i>. <cite>Journal of Nervous and Mental Disease</cite>, <i>179</i>, 19–28.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008929" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010147">Kirsch, I. (2000). The response set theory of hypnosis. <cite>American Journal of Clinical Hypnosis</cite>, <i>42</i> (3/42), 4, 274–292.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000892B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010148">Kirsch, I., &amp; Lynn, S. J. (1995). The altered state of hypnosis: Changes in the theoretical landscape. <cite>American Psychologist, 50</cite>, 846–858.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000892D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010149">Kishida, M., &amp; Rahman, O. (2015). Fraternal birth order and extreme right-handedness as predictors of sexual orientation and gender nonconformity in men. <cite>Archives of Sexual Behavior</cite>, <i>44</i>, 1493–1501.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000892F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001014A">Kitamura, T., Saitoh, Y., Takashima, N., Murayama, A., Niibori, Y., Ageta, H., . . . Inokuchi, K. (2009). Adult neurogenesis modulates the hippocampus-dependent period of associative fear memory. <cite>Cell</cite>, 139(4), 814–827.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008931" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001014B">Kitayama, S., &amp; Markus, H. R. (1994). Introduction to cultural psychology and emotion research. In S. Kitayama &amp; H. R. Markus (Eds.), <cite>Emotion and culture: Empirical studies of mutual influence</cite> (pp. 1–22). Washington, DC: American Psychological Association.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008933" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001014C">Klaver, C. C., Wolfs, R. C., Vingerling, J. R., Hofman, A., &amp; de Jong, P. T. (1998). Age-specific prevalence and causes of blindness and visual impairment in an older population: The Rotterdam Study. <cite>Archives of Ophthalmology</cite>, <i>116</i>, 653–658.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008935" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001014D">Kleim, B., Ehring, T., &amp; Ehlers, A. (2012). Perceptual processing advantages for trauma-related visual cues in post-traumatic stress disorder. <cite>Psychological Medicine</cite>, <i>42</i>(1), 173–181. doi: 10.1017/s0033291711001048</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008937" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001014E">Klein, N., &amp; Kemper, K. J. (2016). Integrative approaches to caring for children with autism. Current Problems in Pediatric and Adolescent Health Care, E-pub ahead of print. doi: 10.1016/j.cppeds.2015.12.004</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008939" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001014F">Klein, R. G., Mannuzza, S., Olazagasti, M. A., Roizen, E., Hutchison, J. A., Lashua, E. C., &amp; Castellanos, F. X. (2012). Clinical and functional outcome of childhood attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder 33 years later. <cite>Archives of General Psychiatry</cite>, <i>69</i>(12), 1295–1303. doi: 10.1001/archgenpsychiatry.2012.271</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000893B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010150">Klein, S. B., &amp; Mowrer, R. R. (1989). <cite>Contemporary learning theories: Pavlovian conditioning and the status of traditional learning theory</cite>. Hillsdale, NJ: Lawrence Erlbaum.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000893D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010151">Kleinot, M. C., &amp; Rogers, R. W. (1982). Identifying effective components of alcohol misuse prevention programs. <cite>Journal of Studies on Alcohol</cite>, <i>43</i>, 802–811.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000893F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010152">Kligman, A. M., &amp; Balin, A. K. (1989). Aging of human skin. In A. K. Balin &amp; A. M. Kligman (Eds.), <cite>Aging and the skin</cite> (pp. 1–42). New York: Raven Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008941" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010153">Klorman, R., Hilpert, P. L., Michael, R., LaGana, C., &amp; Sveen, O. B. (1980). Effects of coping and mastery modeling on experienced and inexperienced pedodontic patients’ disruptiveness. <cite>Behavior Therapy</cite>, <i>11</i>, 156–168.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008943" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010154">Kluft, R. P. (1984). Introduction to multiple personality disorder. <cite>Psychiatric Annals</cite>, <i>14</i>, 19–24.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008945" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010155">Klüver, H., &amp; Bucy, P. C. (1939). Preliminary analysis of functions of the temporal lobes in monkeys. <cite>Archives of Neurological Psychiatry</cite>, <i>42</i>, 979–1000.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008947" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010156">Knecht, S., Dräger, B., Deppe, M., Bobe, L., Lohmann, H., Flöel, A., . . . Henningsen, H. (2000). Handedness and hemispheric language dominance in healthy humans. <cite>Brain</cite>, <i>123</i>(12), 2512–2518. doi: 10.1093/brain/123.12.2512</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008949" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010157">Knight, A. (1996). <cite>The life of the law: The people and cases that have shaped our society, from King Alfred to Rodney King</cite>. New York: Crown Publishing Group.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000894B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010158">Knight, J. A. (1998). Free radicals: Their history and current status in aging and disease. <cite>Annals of Clinical and Laboratory Science</cite>, <i>28</i>, 331–346.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000894D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010159">Kobasa, S. (1979). Stressful life events, personality, and health: An inquiry into hardiness. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>37</i>(1), 1–11.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000894F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001015A">Koberda, J. L. (2015). Application of Z-score LORETA neuro-feedback in therapy of epilepsy. <cite>Journal of Neurology and Neurobiology</cite>, <i>1</i>(1), e101.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008951" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001015B">Koch, C., &amp; Mormann, F. (2010). The neurobiology of consciousness. In G. Mashour (Ed.), <cite>Consciousness, awareness, and anesthesia</cite> (pp. 24–46). New York: Cambridge University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008953" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001015C">Koenig, H. G., Hays, J. C., Larson, D. B., George, L. K., Cohen, H. J., McCullough, M. E., . . . Blazer, D. G. (1999). Does religious attendance prolong survival? A six-year follow-up study of 3,968 older adults. <cite>Journal of Gerontology, 54A</cite>, M370–M377.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008955" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001015D">Koenig, H. G., McCullough, M. E., &amp; Larson, D. B. (2001). <cite>Handbook of religion and health</cite>. Oxford, UK: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008957" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001015E">Koester, J., &amp; Siegelbaum, S. A. (2013). Membrane potential and the passive electrical properties of the neuron. In E. R. Kandel, J. H. Schwartz, T. M. Jessell, S. A. Siegelbaum, &amp; A. J. Hudspeth (Eds.), <cite>Principles of neural science</cite> (5th ed., pp. 148–171). New York: McGraw-Hill.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008959" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001015F">Koh, J. K. (1996). A guide to common Singapore spiders. <cite>BP Guide to Nature</cite> series. Singapore: Singapore Science Center.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000895B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010160">Kohlberg, L. (1973). Continuities in childhood and adult moral development revisited. In P. Baltes &amp; K. W. Schaie (Eds.), <cite>Life-span development psychology: Personality and socialization</cite>. San Diego, CA: Academic Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000895D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010161">Köhler, W. (1925, 1992). <cite>Gestalt psychology: An introduction to new concepts in modern psychology (reissue)</cite>. New York: Liveright.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000895F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010162">Kok, B. E., Coffey, K. A., Cohn, M. A., Catalino, L. I., Vacharkulksemsuk, T., Algoe, S. B., . . . Fredrickson, B. L. (2013). How positive emotions build physical health: Perceived positive social connections account for the upward spiral between positive emotions and vagal tone. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>24</i>(5), ePub ahead of print. doi: 10.1177/0956797612470827</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008961" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010163">Kolodny, R. C. (2001, August). In memory of William H. Masters. <cite>Journal of Sex Research</cite>.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008963" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010164">Kompanje, E. J. (2008). “The devil lay upon her and held her down.” Hypnagogic hallucinations and sleep paralysis described by the Dutch physician Isbrand van Diemerbroeck (1609–1674). <cite>Journal of Sleep Research</cite>, <i>17</i>(4), 464–467.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008965" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010165">Konowal, N. M., Van Dongen, H. P. A., Powell, J. W., Mallis, M. M., &amp; Dinges, D. F. (1999). Determinants of microsleeps during experimental sleep deprivation. <cite>Sleep</cite>, <i>22</i> (Suppl. 1), 328.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008967" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010166">Koob, G. F., &amp; Le Moal, M. (2005). Plasticity of reward neurocircuitry and the ‘dark side’ of drug addiction. <cite>Nature Neuroscience</cite>, <i>8</i>(11): 1442–1444.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008969" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010167">Korkmaz, B. (2011). Theory of mind and neurodevelopmental disorders of childhood. <cite>Pediatric Research</cite>, <i>69</i>, 101R–108R.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000896B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010168">Korn, S. (1984). Continuities and discontinuities in difficult/easy temperament: Infancy to young adulthood. <cite>Merrill Palmer Quarterly</cite>, <i>30</i>, 189–199.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000896D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010169">Korten, N., Sliwinski, M. J., Comijs, H. C., &amp; Smyth, J. M. (2014). Mediators of the relationship between life events and memory functioning in a community sample of adults. <cite>Applied Cognitive Psychology</cite>, <i>28</i>, 626–633.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000896F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001016A">Kosslyn, S. M. (1983). Mental imagery. In Z. Rubin (Ed.), <cite>The psychology of being human</cite>. New York: Harper &amp; Row.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008971" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001016B">Kosslyn, S. M., Alpert, N. M., Thompson, W. L., Maljkovic, V., Weise, S. B., Chabris, C. F., . . . Buonano, F. S. (1993). Visual mental imagery activates topographically organized visual cortex: PET investigations. <cite>Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience</cite>, <i>5</i>, 263–287.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008973" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001016C">Kosslyn, S. M., Ball, T. M., &amp; Reiser, B. J. (1978). Visual images preserve metric spatial information: Evidence from studies of image scanning. <cite>Journal of Experimental Psychology: Human Perception and Performance</cite>, <i>4</i>, 47–60.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008975" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001016D">Kosslyn, S. M., Ganis, G., &amp; Thompson, W. L. (2001). Neural foundations of imagery. <cite>Nature Reviews Neuroscience</cite>, <i>2</i>, 635–642.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008977" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001016E">Kosslyn, S. M., Pascual-Leone, A., Felician, O., Camposano, S., Keenan, J. P., Thompson, W. L., . . . Alpert, N. M. (1999). The role of area 17 in visual imagery: Convergent evidence from PET and rTMS. <cite>Science</cite> <i>284</i>, 167–170.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008979" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001016F">Kosslyn, S. M., Thompson, W. L., Wraga, M. J., &amp; Alpert, N. M. (2001). Imagining rotation by endogenous and exogenous forces: Distinct neural mechanisms for different strategies. <cite>Neuroreport</cite>, <i>12</i>, 2519–2525.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000897B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010170">Kotkin, M., Daviet, C., &amp; Gurin, J. (1996). The <i>Consumer Reports</i> mental health survey. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>51</i>(10), 1080–1082.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000897D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010171">Kovacs, K., Lajtha, A., &amp; Sershen, H. (2010). Effect of nicotine and cocaine on neurofilaments and receptors in whole brain tissue and synaptoneurosome preparations. <cite>Brain Research Bulletin</cite>, <i>82</i>(1–2): 109–117.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000897F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010172">Kozberg, M., Chen, B. R., De Leo, S. E., Bouchard, M. B., &amp; Hillman, E. M. C. (2013). Resolving the transition from negative to positive blood oxygen level-dependent responses in the developing brain. <cite>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America (PNAS)</cite>. Published online ahead of print, February 20, 2013. doi: 10.1073/pnas.1212785110</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008981" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010173">Kraha, A., &amp; Boals, A. (2014). Why so negative? Positive flashbulb memories for a personal event. <cite>Memory</cite>, <i>22</i>(4), 442–449.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008983" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010174">Kratofil, P. H., Baberg, H. T., &amp; Dimsdale, J. E. (1996). Self-mutilation and severe self-injurious behavior associated with amphetamine psychosis. <cite>General Hospital Psychiatry</cite>, <i>18</i>, 117–120.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008985" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010175">Kraus, C. (2015). Classifying intersex in DSM-5: Critical reflections on gender dysphoria. <cite>Archives of Sexual Behavior</cite>, <i>44</i>(5), 1147–1163.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008987" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010176">Kreipe, R. E. (1992). Normal somatic adolescent growth and development. In E. McAnarney, R. E. Kreipe, D. Orr, &amp; G. Comerci (Eds.), <cite>Textbook of adolescent medicine</cite> (pp. 44–68). Philadelphia: W. B. Saunders &amp; Co.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008989" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010177">Kriegstein, A., &amp; Alvarez-Buylla, A. (2009). The glial nature of embryonic and adult neural stem cells. <cite>Annual Review of Neuroscience</cite>, <i>32</i>(1), 149–184.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000898B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010178">Kristensen, P., &amp; Bjerkedal, T. (2007). Explaining the relation between birth order and intelligence. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>316</i>(5832), 1717.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000898D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010179">Kroenke, C. H., Quesenberry, C., Kwan, M. L., Sweeney, C., Castillo, A., &amp; Caan, B. J. (2012). Social networks, social support, and burden in relationships, and mortality after breast cancer diagnosis in the Life After Breast Cancer Epidemiology (LACE) study. <cite>Breast Cancer Research and Treatment</cite>, <i>137</i>(1), 261. doi: 10.1007/s10549–012-2253–8</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000898F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001017A">Kroll, J. F., Bobb, S. C., &amp; Hoshino, N. (2014). Two languages in mind: Bilingualism as a tool to investigate language, cognition, and the brain. <cite>Current Directions in Psychological Science</cite>, <i>23</i>(3), 159–163. doi: 10.1177/0963721414528511</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008991" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001017B">Krueger, R. F., &amp; Eaton, N. R. (2015). Transdiagnostic factors of mental disorders. <cite>World Psychiatry</cite>, <i>14</i>(1), 27–29. doi: <span class="url-obsolete">http://doi.org/10.1002/wps.20175</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008993" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001017C">Krüttner, S., Stepien, B., Noordermeer, J. N., Mommaas, M. A., Mechtler, K., Dickson, B. J., &amp; Keleman, K. (2012). Drosophila CPEB Orb2A mediates memory independent of its RNA-binding domain. <cite>Neuron</cite>, <i>76</i>(2), 383. doi: 10.1016/j.neuron.2012.08.028</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008995" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001017D">Kryger, M., Lavie, P., &amp; Rosen, R. (1999). Recognition and diagnosis of insomnia. <cite>Sleep</cite>, <i>22</i>, S421–S426.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008997" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001017E">Kübler-Ross, E. (1997). <cite>The wheel of life: A memoir of living and dying</cite>. New York: Touchstone.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008999" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001017F">Kuhl, B. A., Dudukovic, N. M., Kahn, I., &amp; Wagner, A. D. (2007). Decreased demands on cognitive control reveal the neural processing benefits of forgetting. <cite>Nature Neuroscience</cite>, <i>10</i>(7), 908–914.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000899B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010180">Kuhn, H. W., &amp; Nasar, S. (Eds.). (2001). <cite>The essential John Nash</cite>. Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000899D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010181">Kukula, K. C., Jackowich, R. A., &amp; Wassersug, R. J. (2014). Eroticization as a factor influencing erectile dysfunction treatment effectiveness. <cite>International Journal of Impotence Research</cite>, <i>26</i>(1), 1–6. doi: 10.1038/ijir.2013.29</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000899F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010182">Kulik, J. A., &amp; Mahler, H. I. M. (1989). Social support and recovery from surgery. <cite>Health Psychology</cite>, <i>8</i>, 221–238.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089A1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010183">Kulik, J. A., &amp; Mahler, H. I. M. (1993). Emotional support as a moderator of adjustment and compliance after coronary bypass surgery: A longitudinal study. <cite>Journal of Behavioral Medicine</cite>, <i>16</i>, 45–63.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089A3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010184">Kulmala, J., von Bonsdorff, M. B., Stenholm, S., Tormakangas, T., von Bonsdorff, M. E., Nygard, C-H., . . . Rantanen, T. (2013). Perceived stress symptoms in midlife predict disability in old age: A 28-year prospective cohort study. <cite>The Journals of Gerontology Series A: Biological Sciences and Medical Sciences</cite>, doi: 10.1093/Gerona/gls339</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089A5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010185">Kumar, S., &amp; Oakley-Browne, M. (2002). Panic disorder. <cite>Clinical Evidence</cite>, <i>7</i>, 906–912.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089A7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010186">Küntay, A., &amp; Slobin, D. I. (2002). Putting interaction back into child language: Examples from Turkish. <cite>Psychology of Language and Communication</cite>, <i>6</i>, 5–14.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089A9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010187">Kuo, B. C. H. (2011). Culture’s consequences on coping: Theories, evidences, and dimensionalities. <cite>Journal of Cross-Cultural Psychology</cite>, <i>42</i>, 1084. doi: 10.1177/0022022110381126</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089AB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010188">Kupfer, D. J., &amp; Reynolds, C. F., III. (1997). Management of insomnia. <cite>New England Journal of Medicine</cite>, <i>336</i>(5), 341–346.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089AD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010189">Kurdziel, L., Duclos, K,. &amp; Spencer, R. M. C. (2013). Sleep spindles in midday naps enhance learning in preschool children. <cite>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences</cite>, <i>110</i>(43), 17267–17272.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089AF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001018A">Kuriki, I., Ashida, H., Murakami, I., &amp; Kitaoka, A. (2008). Functional brain imaging of the Rotating Snakes illusion by fMRI. <cite>Journal of Vision</cite>, <i>8</i>(10), 16 11–10.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089B1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001018B">Kvavilashvili, L., Mirani, J., Schlagman, S., Foley, K., &amp; Dornbrot, D. E. (2009). Consistency of flashbulb memories of September 11 over long delays: Implications for consolidation and wrong time slice hypotheses. <cite>Journal of Memory and Language</cite>, <i>61</i>(4), 556–572.</p></li>

<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089B3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001018C">LaBar, K. S., LeDoux, J. E., Spencer, D. D., &amp; Phelps, E. A. (1995). Impaired fear conditioning following unilateral temporal lobectomy to humans. <cite>Journal of Neuroscience</cite>, <i>15</i>, 6846–6855.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089B5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001018D">LaBerge, D. (1980). Unitization and automaticity in perception. In J. H. Flowers (Ed.), <cite>Nebraska Symposium on Motivation</cite> (pp. 53–71). Lincoln: University of Nebraska Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089B7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001018E">Labkovsky, E., &amp; Rosenfeld, J. P. (2014). A novel dual probe complex trial protocol for detection of concealed information. <em>Psychophysiology, 51</em>(11), 1122–1130. doi: 10.1111/psyp.12258</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089B9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001018F">Labouvie-Vief, G. (1980). Beyond formal operations: Uses and limits of pure logic in lifespan development. <cite>Human Development</cite>, <i>23</i>, 114–146.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089BB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010190">Labouvie-Vief, G. (1992). A neo-Piagetian perspective on adult cognitive development. In R. Sternberg &amp; C. Berg (Eds.), <cite>Intellectual development</cite> (pp. 197–228). Cambridge, UK: Cambridge University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089BD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010191">Lacayo, A. (1995). Neurologic and psychiatric complications of cocaine abuse. <cite>Neuropsychiatry, Neuropsychology, and Behavioral Neurology</cite>, <i>8</i>(1), 53–60.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089BF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010192">LaFromboise, T., Coleman, H. L. K., &amp; Gerton J. (1993). Psychological impact of biculturalism: Evidence and theory. <cite>Psychological Bulletin</cite>, <i>114</i>, 395–412.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089C1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010193">Lagopoulos, J., Xu, J., Rasmussen, I., Vik, A., Malhi, G. S., Eliassen, C. F., . . . Ellingsen, Ø. (2009). Increased theta and alpha EEG activity during nondirective meditation. <cite>The Journal of Alternative and Complementary Medicine</cite>, <i>15</i>(11), 1187.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089C3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010194">Lai, M.-C., Lombardo, M. V., Auveung, B., Chakrabarti, B., &amp; Baron-Cohen, S. (2015). Sex/gender differences and autism: Setting the scene for future research. <em>Journal of the American Academy of Child &amp; Adolescent Psychiatry, 54</em>, 11–24.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089C5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010195">Lal, S. (2002). Giving children security: Mamie Phipps Clark and the radicalization of child psychology. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>57</i>(1), 20–28.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089C7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010196">Lalancette, M.-F., &amp; Standing, L. G. (1990). Asch fails again. <cite>Social Behavior and Personality</cite>, <i>18</i>(1), 7–12.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089C9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010197">Lambert, M. J., &amp; Ogles, B. M. (2004). The efficacy and effectiveness of psychotherapy. In M. J. Lambert (Ed.), <cite>Handbook of psychotherapy and behavior change</cite> (5th ed.) (pp. 139–193). New York: Wiley.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089CB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010198">Lambert, N., Fincham, F. D., Dewall, N. C., Pond, R., &amp; Beach, S. R. (2013). Shifting toward cooperative tendencies and forgiveness: How partner-focused prayer transforms motivation. <cite>Personal Relationships</cite>, <i>20</i>(1), 184. doi: 10.1111/j.1475–6811.2012.01411.x</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089CD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010199">Lana-Peixoto, Marco A. (2014). Complex visual hallucinations in mentally healthy people. <cite>Arquivos de Neuro-Psiquiatria</cite>, <i>72</i>(5), 331–332. <span class="url-obsolete">https://dx.doi.org/10.1590/0004–282X20140050</span>.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089CF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001019A">Lance, C. J., LaPointe, J. A., &amp; Fisicaro, S. (1994). Tests of three causal models of halo rater error. <cite>Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Performance</cite>, <i>57</i>, 83–96.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089D1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001019B">Landrum, R. E. (2009). <cite>Finding jobs with a psychology bachelor’s degree</cite>. Washington, DC: American Psychological Association.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089D3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001019C">Landrum, R. E., &amp; Davis, S. F. (2007). <cite>The psychology major: Career options and strategies for success</cite>, 3rd ed. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice Hall.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089D5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001019D">Lane, R. D., Kivley, L. S., DuBois, M. A. Shamasundara, P., &amp; Schwartz, G. E. (1995). Levels of emotional awareness and the degree of right hemisphere dominance in the perception of facial emotion. <cite>Neuropsychologia</cite>, <i>33</i>, 525–538.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089D7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001019E">Laney, C., &amp; Loftus, E. F. (2013). Recent advances in false memory research. South African <cite>Journal of Psychology</cite>, <i>43</i>(2), 137–146.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089D9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001019F">Lang, J. W. B., &amp; Lang, J. (2010). Priming competence diminishes the link between cognitive test anxiety and test performance. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>21</i>(6), 811–819.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089DB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101A0">Lange, C. (1885). The emotions. Reprinted in C. G. Lange &amp; W. James (Eds.), <cite>The emotions</cite>. New York: Harner.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089DD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101A1">Langer, E. J., &amp; Rodin, J. (1976). The effects of enhanced personal responsibility for the aged: A field experiment in an institutional setting. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>34</i>, 191–198.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089DF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101A2">Langone, M. C. (1996). Clinical update on cults. <cite>Psychiatric Times</cite>, <i>13</i>(7), 1–3.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089E1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101A3">Lanphear, B. P., Dietrich, K., Auinger, P., &amp; Cox, C. (2000). Cognitive deficits associated with blood lead concentrations &lt;10 micrograms/dL in U.S. children and adolescents. <cite>Public Health Reports</cite>, <i>115</i>(6), 521–529.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089E3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101A4">Lapsley, D. K., Milstead, M., Quintana, S. M., Flannery, D., &amp; Buss, R. R. (1986). Adolescent egocentricism and formal operations: Tests of a theoretical assumption. <cite>Developmental Psychology</cite>, <i>22</i>, 800–807.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089E5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101A5">Larsen, J. T., Berntson, G. G., Poehlmann, K. M., Ito, T. A., &amp; Cacioppo, J. T. (2008). The psychophysiology of emotion. In M. Lewis, J. M. Haviland-Jones, &amp; L. F. Barrett (Eds.), <cite>Handbook of emotions</cite> (3rd ed., pp. 180–195). New York: Guilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089E7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101A6">Larzelere, R. (1986). Moderate spanking: Model or deterrent of children’s aggression in the family? <cite>Journal of Family Violence</cite>, <i>1</i>(1), 27–36.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089E9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101A7">Lashley, K. S. (1938). The thalamus and emotion. <cite>The Psychological Review</cite>, <i>45</i>, 21–61.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089EB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101A8">Lasnik, H. (1990). Metrics and morphophonemics in early English verse. <cite style="font-style: normal;"><em>University of Connecticut Working Papers in Linguistics </em>(Vol. 3,<em> </em></cite>pp. 29–40). Storrs: University of Connecticut.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089ED" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101A9">Latané, B., &amp; Darley, J. M. (1969). Bystander “apathy.” <cite>American Scientist</cite>, <i>57</i>(2), 244–268.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089EF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101AA">Latané, B., Williams, K., &amp; Harkins, S. (1979). Many hands make light the work: The causes and consequences of social loafing. <cite>Journal of Personality &amp; Social Psychology</cite>, <i>37</i>(6), 822–832.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089F1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101AB">Laumann, E. O., Gagnon, J. H., Michael, R. T., and Michaels, S. (1994). <cite>The social organization of sexuality: Sexual practices in the United States</cite> (pp. 77–145). Chicago: University of Chicago Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089F3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101AC">Launer, L., Masaki, K., Petrovitch, H., Foley, D., &amp; Havlik, R. (1995). The association between midlife blood pressure levels and late-life cognitive function. <cite>Journal of the American Medical Association</cite>, <i>272</i>(23), 1846–1851.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089F5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101AD">Lauriola, M., Panno, A., Levin, I. P., &amp; Lejuez, C. W. (2014). Individual differences in risky decision making: A meta-analysis of sensation seeking and impulsivity with the balloon alalogue risk task. <cite>Journal of Behavioral Decision Making</cite>, <i>27</i>(1), 20–36.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089F7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101AE">Lavergne, G. M. (1997). <cite>A sniper in the tower: The true story of the Texas Tower massacre</cite>. New York: Bantam.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089F9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101AF">Laviolette, S. R., Lauzon, N. M., Bishop, S. F., Sun, N. &amp; Tan, H. (2008). Dopamine signaling through D1-like versus D2-like receptors in the nucleus accumbens core versus shell differentially modulates nicotine reward sensitivity. <cite>Journal of Neuroscience,</cite> August 6, <i>28</i>(32), 8025–8033.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089FB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101B0">Laws, G., Davies, I., &amp; Andrews, C. (1995). Linguistic structure and nonlinguistic cognition: English and Russian blues compared. <cite>Language and Cognitive Processes</cite>, <i>10</i>, 59–94.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089FD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101B1">Laws, K. R., &amp; Kokkalis, J. (2007). Ecstasy (MDMA) and memory function: A meta-analytic update. <cite>Human Psychopharmacology: Clinical and Experimental</cite>, <i>22</i>(6), 381–88. doi: 10.1002/hup.857</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000089FF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101B2">Laws, K. R., Sweetnam, H., &amp; Kondel, T. K. (2012). Is ginkgo biloba a cognitive enhancer in healthy individuals? A meta-analysis. <cite>Human Psychopharmacology: Clinical and Experimental</cite>, <i>27</i>(6), 527–533.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A01" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101B3">Lay, C., &amp; Nguyen, T. T. I. (1998). The role of acculturation-related and acculturation non-specific daily hassles: Vietnamese-Canadian students and psychological distress. <cite>Canadian Journal of Behavioural Science</cite>, <i>30</i>(3), 172–181.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A03" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101B4">Lazarus, R. S. (1991). <cite>Emotion and adaptation</cite>. New York: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A05" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101B5">Lazarus, R. S. (1993). From psychological stress to the emotions: A history of changing outlooks. <cite>Annual Review of Psychology</cite>, <i>44</i>, 1–22.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A07" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101B6">Lazarus, R. S. (1999). <cite>Stress and emotion: A new synthesis</cite>. New York: Springer.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A09" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101B7">Lazarus, R. S., &amp; Folkman, S. (1984). <cite>Stress, appraisal and coping</cite>. New York: Springer.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A0B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101B8">Le, C. P., Nowell, C. J., Kim-Fuchs, C., Botteri, E., Hiller, J. G., Ismail, H., . . . Sloan, E. K. (2016). Chronic stress in mice remodels lymph vasculature to promote tumor cell dissemination. <cite>Nature Communications</cite>, <i>7</i>, Article 10634. doi: 10.1038/ncomms10634</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A0D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101B9">Lee, J., &amp; Harley, V. R. (2012). The male fight-flight response: A result of SRY regulation of catecholamines? <cite>Bioessays,</cite> <i>34</i>(6), 454–457.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A0F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101BA">Leary, M. R., &amp; Forsyth, D. R. (1987). Attributions of responsibility for collective endeavors. <cite>Review of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>8</i>, 167–188.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A11" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101BB">Leary, M. R., &amp; Toner, K. (2015). Self-processes in the construction and maintenance of personality. In M. Mikulincer &amp; P. R. Shaver (Eds.), <cite>APA handbook of personality and social psychology: Vol. 4. Personality processes and individual differences</cite> (pp. 447–467). Washington, DC: American Psychological Association.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A13" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101BC">Leask, J., Haber, R. N., &amp; Haber, R. B. (1969). Eidetic imagery in children: II. Longitudinal and experimental results. <cite>Psychonomic Monograph Supplements</cite>, <i>3</i>, 25–48.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A15" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101BD">Leccese, A. P., Pennings, E. J. M., &amp; De Wolff, F. A. (2000). <cite>Combined use of alcohol and psychotropic drugs. A review of the literature</cite>. Leiden, The Netherlands: Academisch Ziekenhuis Leiden (AZL).</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A17" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101BE">Leclerc, C. M., &amp; Hess, T. M. (2007). Age differences in the bases for social judgments: Tests of a social expertise perspective. <cite>Experimental Aging Research</cite>, <i>33</i>(1), 95–120.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A19" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101BF">LeDoux, J. E. (1994). Emotion, memory and the brain. <cite>Scientific American</cite>, <i>270</i>, 32–39.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A1B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101C0">LeDoux, J. E. (1996). <cite>The emotional brain: The mysterious underpinnings of emotional life</cite>. New York: Simon &amp; Schuster.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A1D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101C1">LeDoux, J. E. (2003). The emotional brain, fear, and the amygdala. <cite>Cellular and Molecular Neurobiology</cite>, <i>23</i>(4–5), 727–738.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A1F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101C2">LeDoux, J. E. (2007). The amygdala. <cite>Current Biology</cite>, <i>17</i>(20), R868–R874.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A21" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101C3">LeDoux, J. E., &amp; Damasio, A. R. (2013). Emotions and feelings. In E. R. Kandel, J. H. Schwartz, T. M. Jessell, S. A. Siegelbaum, &amp; A. J. Hudspeth (Eds.), <cite>Principles of neural science</cite> (5th ed., pp. 1079–1094). New York: McGraw-Hill.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A23" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101C4">LeDoux, J. E., &amp; Phelps, E. A. (2008). Emotional networks in the brain. In M. Lewis, J. M. Haviland-Jones, &amp; L. F. Barrett (Eds.), <cite>Handbook of emotions</cite> (3rd ed., pp. 159–179). New York: Guilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A25" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101C5">Lee, F., Hallahan, M., &amp; Herzog, T. (1996). Explaining real life events: How culture and domain shape attributions. <cite>Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</cite>, <i>22</i>, 732–741.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A27" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101C6">Lee, M., &amp; Shlain, B. (1986). <cite>Acid dreams: The complete social history of LSD: The CIA, the sixties, and beyond</cite>. New York: Grove Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A29" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101C7">Lee, P. A. (1995). Physiology of puberty. In K. L. Becker (Ed.), <cite>Principles and practice of endocrinology and metabolism</cite> (pp. 822–830). Philadelphia: J. B. Lippincott.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A2B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101C8">Lee, S. H., Kim, E. Y., Kim, S., &amp; Bae, S. M. (2010). Event-related potential patterns and gender effects underlying facial affect processing in schizophrenia patients. <cite>Neuroscience Research</cite>, <i>7</i>, 7.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A2D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101C9">Lee, S. J., Altschul, I., &amp; Gershoff, E. T. (2013). Does warmth moderate longitudinal associations between maternal spanking and child aggression in early childhood? <cite>Developmental Psychology</cite>, <i>49</i>(11), 2017–2028.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A2F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101CA">LeGoff, D. B. (2004). Use of Lego© as a therapeutic medium for improving social competence. <cite>Journal of Autism and Developmental Disorders</cite>, <i>34</i>(5), 557–571.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A31" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101CB">Lehnert, B. (2007). Joint wave-particle properties of the individual photon. <cite>Progress in Physics</cite>, <i>4</i>(10), 104–108.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A33" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101CC">Lehr, U., &amp; Thomae, H. (1987). Patterns of psychological aging. <cite>Results from the Bonne Aging Longitudinal Study (BOLSA)</cite>. Stuttgart, Germany: Enke.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A35" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101CD">Leibel, R. L., Rosenbaum, M., &amp; Hirsch, J. (1995). Changes in energy expenditure resulting from altered body weight. <cite>The New England Journal of Medicine</cite>, <i>332</i>, 621–628.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A37" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101CE">Lemos, M. S., &amp; Verissimo, L. (2014). The relationships between intrinsic motivation, extrinsic motivation, and achievement, along elementary school. <cite>Procedia: Social and Behavioral Sciences</cite>, <i>112</i>, 930–938.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A39" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101CF">Leon, P., Chedraui, P., Hidalgo, L., &amp; Ortiz, F. (2007). Perceptions and attitudes toward the menopause among middle-aged women from Guayaquil, Ecuador. <cite>Maturitas</cite>, <i>57</i>(3), 233–238.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A3B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101D0">Leong, F. T. L., Hartung, P. J., Goh, D., &amp; Gaylor, M. (2001). Appraising birth order in career assessment: Linkages to Holland’s and Super’s models. <cite>Journal of Career Assessment</cite>, <i>9</i>, 25–39.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A3D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101D1">LePort, A. K., Mattfeld, A. T., Dickinson-Anson, H., Fallon, J. H., Stark, C. E., Kruggel, F., Cahill, L., &amp; McGaugh, J. L. (2012). Behavioral and neuroanatomical investigation of Highly Superior Autobiographical Memory (HSAM). <cite>Neurobiology of Learning and Memory</cite>, <i>98</i>(1), 78. doi: 10.1016/j.nlm.2012.05.002</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A3F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101D2">Lerner, A. G., Gelkopf, M., Skladman, I., Oyffe, I., Finkel, B., Sigal, M., &amp; Weizman, A. (2002). Flashback and hallucinogen persisting perception disorder: Clinical aspects and pharmacological treatment approach. <cite>The Israel Journal of Psychiatry and Related Sciences</cite>, <i>39</i>(2), 92–99.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A41" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101D3">Leroy, C., &amp; Symes, B. (2001). Teachers’ perspectives on the family backgrounds of children at risk. <cite>McGill Journal of Education</cite>, <i>36</i>(1), 45–60.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A43" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101D4">Leslie, M. (2000, July/August). The vexing legacy of Louis Terman. <cite>Stanford Magazine</cite>. Retrieved on August 12, 2010, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.stanfordalumni.org/news/magazine/2000/julaug/articles/terman.html</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A45" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101D5">Levenson, R. W. (1992). Autonomic nervous system differences among emotions. <cite>Psychological Sciences</cite>, <i>3</i>, 23–27.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A47" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101D6">Levenson, R. W., Ekman, P., Heider, K., &amp; Friesen, W. V. (1992). Emotion and autonomic nervous system activity in the Minangkabau of West Sumatra. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>62</i>, 972–988.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A49" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101D7">Levesque, R. J. R. (2014). Opiates. In R. J. R. Levesque (Ed.), <em>Encyclopedia of Adolescence</em> (p. 1941). New York: Springer.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A4B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101D8">Levy, B. R., Slade, M. D., Kunkel, S. R., &amp; Kasl, S. V. (2002). Longevity increased by positive self-perceptions of aging. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>83</i>, 261–269.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A4D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101D9">Levy, S. R., Stroessner, S. J., &amp; Dweck, C. S. (1998). Stereotype formation and endorsement: The role of implicit theories. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>74</i>(6), 1421–1436. <span class="url-obsolete">http://dx.doi.org/10.1037/0022–3514.74.6.1421</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A4F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101DA">Levy-Gigi, E., Bonanno, G. A., Shapiro, A. R., Richter-Levin, G., Keri, S., &amp; Sheppes, G. (2016). Emotion regulatory flexibility sheds light on the elusive relationship between repeated traumatic exposure and posttraumatic stress disorder symptoms. <cite>Clinical Psychological Science</cite>, <i>4</i>(1), 28–39. doi: 10.1177/2167702615577783</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A51" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101DB">Lewis, D. K. (1996, June). A cross-cultural model for psychotherapy: Working with the African-American client. <cite>Perspectives on Multiculturalism and Cultural Diversity</cite>, VI(2).</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A53" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101DC">Lewis, D. M., Russell, E. M., Al-Shawaf, L., &amp; Buss, D. M. (2015). Lumbar curvature: A previously undiscovered standard of attractiveness. <cite>Evolution and Human Behavior</cite>, <i>36</i>(5), 345–350. doi: 10.1016/j.evolhumbehav.2015.01.007</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A55" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101DD">Lewis, J. R. (1995). <cite>Encyclopedia of afterlife beliefs and phenomenon</cite>. Detroit, MI: Visible Ink Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A57" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101DE">Lewis, R. W., Fugl-Meyer, K. S., Corona, G., Hayes, R. D., Laumann, E. O., Moreira, E. D., Jr., … Segraves, T. (2010). Definitions/epidemiology/risk factors for sexual dysfunction. <cite>The Journal of Sexual Medicine</cite>, <i>7</i>(4pt2), 1598–1607. doi: 10.1111/j.1743–6109.2010.01778.x</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A59" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101DF">Li, J., Hu, Z., &amp; de Lecea, L. (2014). The hypcretins/orexins: Integrators of multiple psychological functions. <cite>British Journal of Pharmacology</cite>, <i>171</i>(2), 332–350.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A5B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101E0">Li, L., Ruan, H., &amp; Yuan, W.-J. (2015). The relationship between social support and burnout among ICU nurses in Shanghai: A cross-sectional study. <cite>Chinese Nursing Research</cite>, <i>2</i>(2–3), 45–50.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A5D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101E1">Li, X., &amp; Fung, A. L.-C. (2015). Reactive and proactive aggression in mainland Chinese secondary school students. <cite>Journal of Social Work</cite>, <i>15</i>(3), 297–316.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A5F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101E2">Libbrecht, N., Lievens, F., Carette, B., &amp; Cote, S. (2014). Emotional intelligence predicts success in medical school. <cite>Emotion</cite>, <i>14</i>(1), 64–73. doi: 10.1037/a0034392</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A61" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101E3">Liechti, M. E., &amp; Vollenweider, F. X. (2001). Which neuroreceptors mediate the subjective effects of MDMA in humans? A summary of mechanistic studies. <cite>Human Psychopharmacology</cite>, <i>16</i>: 589–598.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A63" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101E4">Light, K. R, Kolata, S., Wass, C., Denman-Brice, A., Zagalsky, R., &amp; Matzel, L. D. (2010). Working memory training promotes general cognitive abilities in genetically heterogeneous mice. <cite>Current Biology</cite>, <i>20</i>(8), 777–782.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A65" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101E5">Lilienfeld, S. O. (1999). Projective measures of personality and psychopathology: How well do they work? <cite>Skeptical Inquirer</cite>, <i>23</i>(5), 32–39.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A67" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101E6">Lilienfeld, S. O., Lynn, S. J., &amp; Lohr, J. M. (2004). Science and pseudoscience in clinical psychology: Initial thoughts, reflections, and considerations. In S. O. Lilienfeld, S. J. Lynn, &amp; J. M. Lohr (Eds.), <cite>Science and pseudoscience in clinical psychology</cite> (p. 2). New York: Guilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A69" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101E7">Lilienfeld, S. O., Lynn, S. J., &amp; Lohr, J. M. (2015). <cite>Science and pseudoscience in clinical psychology</cite> (2nd ed.). New York: The Guilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A6B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101E8">Lilienfeld, S. O., Ritschel, L. A., Lynn, S. J., Cautin, R. L., &amp; Latzman, R. D. (2013). Why many clinical psychologists are resistant to evidence-based practice: Root causes and constructive remedies. <cite>Clinical Psychology Review</cite>, <i>33</i>(7), 883–900. doi: 10.1016/j.cpr.2012.09.008</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A6D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101E9">Lilienfeld, S. O., Sauvigné, K. C., Lynn, S. J., Cautin, R. L., Latzman, R. D., &amp; Waldman, I. D. (2015). Fifty psychological and psychiatric terms to avoid: A list of inaccurate, misleading, misused, ambiguous, and logically confused words and phrases. <cite>Frontiers in Psychology</cite>, <i>6</i>, 1100. doi: 10:3389/fpsyg.2015.01100</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A6F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101EA">Lilienfeld, S. O., Wood, J. M., &amp; Garb, H. N. (2000). The scientific status of projective techniques. <cite>Psychological Science in the Public Interest</cite>, <i>1</i>(2), 27–66. doi: 10.1111/1529–1006.002</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A71" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101EB">Lim, J., Choo, W. C., &amp; Chee, M. W. L. (2007). Reproducibility of changes in behavior and fMRI activation associated with sleep deprivation in a working memory task. <cite>Sleep</cite>, <i>30</i>, 61–70.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A73" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101EC">Lim, L., Radua, J., &amp; Rubia, K. (2014). Gray matter abnormalities in childhood maltreatment: A voxel-wise meta-analysis. <cite>American Journal of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>171</i>(8), 854–863. doi: <span class="url-obsolete">http://dx.doi.org/10.1176/appi.ajp.2014.13101427</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A75" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101ED">Lim, M. M., &amp; Young, L. J. (2006). Neuropeptidergic regulation of affiliative behavior and social bonding in animals. <cite>Hormones and Behavior</cite>, <i>50</i>(4), 506–517. doi: 10.1016/j.yhbeh.2006.06.028</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A77" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101EE">Lim, Y. Y., Ellis, K. A., Pietrzak, R. H., Ames, D., Darby, D., Harrington, K., . . . Maruff, P. (2012). Stronger effect of amyloid load than APOE genotype on cognitive decline in healthy older adults. <cite>Neurology</cite>, <i>79</i>(16), 1645. doi: 10.1212/WNL.0b013e31826e9ae6</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A79" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101EF">Lin, C. S., Lyons, J. L., and Berkowitz, F. (2007). Somatotopic identification of language-SMA in language processing via fMRI. <cite>Journal of Scientific and Practical Computing</cite> <i>1</i>(2), 3–8.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A7B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101F0">Lin, P. J., &amp; Schwanenflugel, P. J. (1995). Cultural familiarity and language factors in the structure of category knowledge. <cite>Journal of Cross-Cultural Psychology</cite>, <i>26</i>, 153–168.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A7D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101F1">Lin, P. J., Schwanenflugel, P. J. &amp; Wisenbaker, J. M. (1990). Category typicality, cultural familiarity, and the development of category knowledge. <cite>Developmental Psychology</cite>, <i>26</i>, 805–813.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A7F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101F2">Lindau, S. T., Schumm, P., Laumann, E. O., Levinson, W., O’Muircheartaigh, C. A., &amp; Waite, L. J. (2007). A study of sexuality and health among older adults in the United States. <cite>New England Journal of Medicine</cite>, <i>357</i>(8), 762–764.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A81" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101F3">Lindemann, B. (1996). Taste reception. <cite>Physiological Review</cite>, <i>76</i>, 719–766.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A83" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101F4">Lindsey, E. W., Cremeens, P. R., &amp; Caldera, Y. M. (2010). Gender differences in mother–toddler and father–toddler verbal initiations and responses during a caregiving and play context. <cite>Sex Roles</cite>, <i>62</i>(11–12), 746–759.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A85" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101F5">Lippa R. A. (2010). Sex differences in personality traits and gender-related occupational preferences across 53 nations: Testing evolutionary and social-environmental theories. <cite>Archives of Sexual Behavior</cite>, <i>39</i>, 619–636.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A87" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101F6">Lipsman, N., Woodside, D. B., Giacobbe, P., Hamani, C., Carter, J. C., Norwood, S. J., . . . Lozano, A. M. (2013). Subcallosal cingulate deep brain stimulation for treatment-refractory anorexia nervosa: A phase 1 pilot trial. <cite>Lancet</cite>, <i>381</i>(9875), 1361–1370. doi: 10.1016/s0140–6736(12)62188–6</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A89" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101F7">Lisanby, S. H., Maddox, J. H., Prudic, J., Devanand, D. P., &amp; Sackeim, H. A. (2000). The effects of electroconvulsive therapy on memory of autobiographical and public events. <cite>Archives of General Psychiatry</cite>, <i>57</i>, 581–590.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A8B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101F8">Livesley, J. W. (Ed.). (1995). <cite>The DSM-IV Personality disorders</cite>. New York: Guilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A8D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101F9">Lizskowski, U., Carpenter, M., Striano, T., &amp; Tomasello, M. (2006). 12- and 18-month-olds point to provide information for others. <cite>Journal of Cognition and Development</cite>, <i>7</i>, 173–187.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A8F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101FA">Lo Bue, A., Salvaggio, A., Insalaco, G., &amp; Marrone, O. (2014). Extreme REM rebound during continuous positive airway pressure titration for obstructive sleep apnea in a depressed patient. <em>Case Reports in Medicine</em>, 2014, 292181. doi: 10.1155/2014/292181</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A91" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101FB">Lock, M. (1994). Menopause in cultural context. <cite>Experimental Gerontology</cite>, <i>29</i>(3–4), 307–317.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A93" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101FC">Loehlin, J. C. (1992). <cite>Genes and environment in personality development</cite>. Newbury Park, CA: Sage.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A95" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101FD">Loehlin, J. C., McCrae, R. R., Costa, P. T., Jr., &amp; John, O. P. (1998). Heritabilities of common and measure-specific components of the Big Five personality factors. <cite>Journal of Research in Personality</cite>, <i>32</i>, 431–453.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A97" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101FE">Loehlin, J. C., Willerman, L., &amp; Horn, J. M. (1985). Personality resemblances in adoptive families when the children are late-adolescent or adult. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>48</i>, 376–392.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A99" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000101FF">Loftus, E. (1975). Leading questions and the eyewitness report. <cite>Cognitive Psychology</cite>, <i>7</i>, 560–572.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A9B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010200">Loftus, E. (1987, June 29). Trials of an expert witness. <cite>Newsweek</cite>, <i>109</i>: 10–11.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A9D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010201">Loftus, E. F., &amp; Loftus, G. R. (1980). On the permanence of stored information in the human brain. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>35</i>, 409–420.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008A9F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010202">Loftus, E. F., Miller, D. G., &amp; Burns H. J. (1978). Semantic integration of verbal information into a visual memory. <cite>Journal of Experimental Psychology: Human Learning</cite>, <i>4</i>, 19–31.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AA1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010203">Loftus, J. (2001). America’s liberalization in attitudes toward homosexuality, 1973 to 1998. <cite>American Sociological Review</cite>, <i>66</i>(5), 762–782.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AA3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010204">Loo, S. K., Hale, T. S., Macion, J., Hanada, G., McGough, J. J., McCracken, J. T., &amp; Smalley, S. L. (2009). Cortical activity patterns in ADHD during arousal, activation and sustained attention. <cite>Neuropsychologia</cite>, <i>47</i>(10), 2114–2119.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AA5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010205">López-Muñoz, F., &amp; Alamo, C. (2009). Monoaminergic neurotransmission: The history of the discovery of antidepressants from 1950s until today. <cite>Current Pharmaceutical Design</cite>, <i>15</i>, 1563–1586.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AA7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010206">Lord, T. R. (2001). 101 reasons for using cooperative learning in biology teaching. <cite>The American Biology Teacher</cite>, <i>63</i>(1), 30–38.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AA9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010207">Lorenz, K. (1966). <cite>On Aggression</cite>. (Marjorie Kerr Wilson, Trans.) New York: Harcourt, Brace &amp; World, Inc.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AAB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010208">Lorenzo, G. L., Biesanz, J. C., &amp; Human, L. J. (2010). What is beautiful is good and more accurately understood: Physical attractiveness and accuracy in first impressions of personality. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>21</i>, 1777–1782.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AAD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010209">Lovaas, O. I. (1964). Cue properties of words: The control of operant responding by rate and content of verbal operants. <cite>Child Development</cite>, <i>35</i>, 245–256.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AAF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001020A">Lovaas, O. I. (1987). Behavioral treatment and normal educational and intellectual functioning in young autistic children. <cite>Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology</cite>, <i>55</i>, 3–9.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AB1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001020B">Lovaas, O. I., Berberich, J. P., Perloff, B. F., &amp; Schaffer, B. (1966). Acquisition of imitative speech by schizophrenic children. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>151</i>, 705–707.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AB3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001020C">Lu, S., &amp; Ende, N. (1997). Potential for clinical use of viable pluripotent progenitor cells in blood bank stored human umbilical cord blood. <cite>Life Sciences</cite>, <i>61</i>, 1113–1123.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AB5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001020D">Lubinski, D. (2000). Scientific and social significance of assessing individual differences: “Sinking shafts at a few critical points.” <cite>Annual Review of Psychology</cite>, <i>51</i>, 405–444.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AB7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001020E">Luborsky, L., Singer, B., &amp; Luborsky, L. (1975). Comparative studies of psychotherapies: Is it true that “everyone has won and all must have prizes”? <cite>Archives of General Psychiatry</cite>, <i>32</i>, 995–1008.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AB9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001020F">Luchins, A. S. (1957). Primacy-recency in impression formation. In C. Hovland (Ed.), <cite>The order of presentation in persuasion</cite> (pp. 33–40, 55–61). New Haven, CT: Yale University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008ABB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010210">Luck, S. J., &amp; Gold, J. M. (2008). The construct of attention in schizophrenia. <cite>Biological Psychiatry</cite>, <i>64</i>(1), 34–39.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008ABD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010211">Lucy, J. A., &amp; Shweder, R. A. (1979). Whorf and his critics: Linguistic and nonlinguistic influences on color memory. <cite>American Anthropologist</cite>, <i>81</i>, 581–615.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008ABF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010212">Luria, A. R. (1965). Two kinds of motor perseveration in massive injury of the frontal lobes. <cite>Brain</cite>, <i>88</i>, 1–10.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AC1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010213">Luria, A. R. (1968). <cite>The mind of a mnemonist</cite>. New York: Basic Books.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AC3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010214">Lurito, J. T., Dzemidzic, M., Mathews, V. P., Lowe, M. J., Kareken, D. A., Phillips, M. D., &amp; Wang, Y. (2000). Comparison of hemispheric lateralization using four language tasks. <cite>Neuroimage</cite>, <i>11</i>, S358.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AC5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010215">Lutkenhaus, P., Grossmann, K. E., &amp; Grossman, K. (1985). Infant–mother attachment at twelve months and style of interaction with a stranger at the age of three years. <cite>Child Development</cite>, <i>56</i>, 1538–1542.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AC7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010216">Ly, M., Adluru, N., Destiche, D. J., Lu, S. Y., Oh, J. M., Hoscheidt, S. M., . . . Bendlin, B. B. (2016). Fornix microstructure and memory performance is associated with altered neural connectivity during episodic recognition. <cite>Journal of the International Neuropsychological Society</cite>, <i>22(Special Issue 2)</i>, 191–204. doi: doi:10.1017/S1355617715001216</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AC9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010217">Lykken, D. T. (1995). <cite>The antisocial personalities</cite>. Hillsdale, NJ: Laurence Erlbaum.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008ACB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010218">Lykken, D. T., &amp; Tellegen, A. (1996). Happiness is a stochastic phenomenon. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>7</i>, 186–189.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008ACD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010219">Lynn, S. J., Laurence, J. R., &amp; Kirsch, I. (2015). Hypnosis, suggestion, and suggestibility: An integrative model. <cite>The American Journal of Clinical Hypnosis</cite>, <i>57</i>(3), 314–329.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008ACF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001021A">Lynott, P. P., &amp; Roberts, R. (1997). The developmental stake hypothesis and changing perceptions of intergenerational relations, 1971–1985. <cite>The Gerontologist</cite>, <i>37</i>, 394–405.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AD1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001021B">Lytton, H., &amp; Romney, D. M. (1991). Parents’ sex-differentiated socialization of boys and girls: A meta-analysis. <cite>Psychological Bulletin</cite>, <i>109</i>, 267–296.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AD3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001021C">Lyznicki, J. M., Doege, T. C., Davis, R. M., &amp; Williams, M. A. (Council on Scientific Affairs, American Medical Association). (1998). Sleepiness, driving, and motor-vehicle crashes. <cite>Journal of the American Medical Association</cite>, <i>279</i>(23), 1908–1913.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AD5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001021D">Ma, J., Han, Y., Grogan-Kaylor, A., Delva, J., &amp; Castillo, M. (2012). Corporal punishment and youth externalizing behavior in Santiago, Chile. <cite>Child Abuse &amp; Neglect</cite>, <i>36</i>(6), 481–490. doi: 10.1016/j.chiabu.2012.03.006</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AD7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001021E">MacCoun, R. J., &amp; Kerr, N. L. (1988). Asymmetric influence in mock jury deliberation: Jurors’ bias for leniency. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>54</i>, 21–33.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AD9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001021F">MacDonald, A. P. (1970). Internal-external locus of control and the practice of birth control. <cite>Psychological Reports</cite>, <i>27</i>, 206.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008ADB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010220">MacDonald, D., Kabani, N., Avis, D., &amp; Evens, A. C. (2000). Automated 3D extraction of inner and outer surfaces of cerebral cortex from MRI. <cite>NeuroImage</cite>, <i>12</i>, 340–356.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008ADD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010221">Macdonald, I., Amos, J., Crone, T., Wereley, S. (2010, May 21). The measure of an oil disaster. [Electronic version]. <cite>New York Times</cite>. Retrieved June 9, 2010, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.nytimes.com/2010/05/22/opinion/22macdonald.html</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008ADF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010222">Maciejewski, P. K., Zhang, B., Block, S. D., &amp; Prigerson, H. G. (2007). An empirical examination of the stage theory of grief. <cite>The Journal of the American Medical Association</cite>, <i>297</i>(7), 716–723. doi:10.1001/jama.297.7.716</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AE1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010223">Mack, J. E. (1994). <cite>Abduction</cite>. New York: Scribner.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AE3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010224">MacKenzie, S. B., Lutz, R. J., &amp; Belch, G. E. (1986, May). The role of attitude toward the ad as a mediator of advertising effectiveness: A test of competing explanations. <cite>Journal of Marketing Research</cite>, <i>23</i>, 130–143.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AE5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010225">Macknik, S. L., King, M., Randi, J., Robbins, A., Teller, Thompson, J., &amp; Martinez-Conde, S. (2008). Attention and awareness in stage magic: Turning tricks into research. <cite>Nature Reviews: Neuroscience</cite>, <i>9</i>(11), 871–879.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AE7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010226">Macknik, S. L., &amp; Martinez-Conde, S. (2009). Real magic: Future studies of magic should be grounded in neuroscience. <cite>Nature reviews: Neuroscience</cite>, <i>10</i>(3), 241–241.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AE9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010227">MacLeod, C. M. (1998). Directed forgetting. In J. M. Golding &amp; C. M. MacLeod (Eds.), <cite>Intentional forgetting: Interdisciplinary approaches</cite> (pp. 1–57). Mahwah, NJ: Erlbaum.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AEB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010228">Macmillan, M. (2000). <cite>An odd kind of fame: Stories of Phineas Gage</cite>. Cambridge, MA: The MIT Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AED" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010229">Macmillan, M., &amp; Lena, M. L. (2010). Rehabilitating Phineas Gage. <cite>Neuropsychological Rehabilitation</cite>, <i>20</i>(5), 641–658. doi: 10.1080/09602011003760527</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AEF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001022A">Macmillan, N. A., &amp; Creelman, C. D. (1991). <cite>Detection theory: A user’s guide</cite>. Cambridge, UK; New York: Cambridge University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AF1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001022B">Macquet, P., &amp; Franck, G. (1996). Functional neuroanatomy of human rapid eye movement sleep and dreaming. <cite>Nature</cite>, <i>383</i>, 163–166.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AF3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001022C">Macrae, C. N., &amp; Bodenhausen, G. V. (2000). Social cognition: Thinking categorically about others. <cite>Annual Review of Psychology</cite>, <i>51</i>, 93–120.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AF5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001022D">Macrae, C. N., &amp; Quadflieg, S. (2010). Perceiving people. In S. Fiske, D. T. Gilbert, &amp; G. Lindzey (Eds.), <cite>The handbook of social psychology</cite> (5th ed., pp. 428–463). New York: McGraw-Hill.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AF7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001022E">Maddox, J., Randi, J., &amp; Stewart, W. W. (1988). “High-dilution” experiments a delusion. <cite>Nature</cite>, <i>334</i>(6181), 368.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AF9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001022F">Madore, K. P., &amp; Schacter, D. L. (2015). Remembering the past and imagining the future: Selective effects of an episodic specificity induction on detail generation. <cite style="font-style: normal;"><em>The Quarterly Journal of Experimental Psychology, 69, </em>285–298</cite>. doi: 10.1080/17470218.2014.999097</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AFB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010230">Madras, B. K. (2014). Dopamine challenge reveals neuroadaptive changes in marijuana abusers. <cite>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences</cite>, <i>111</i>(33), 11915–11916. doi: 10.1073/pnas.1412314111</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AFD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010231">Madsen, K. M., Hviid, A., Vestergaard, M., Schendel, D., Wohlfahrt, J., Thorsen, P., . . . Melbye, M. (2002). A population-based study of measles, mumps, rubella vaccine and autism. <cite>New England Journal of Medicine</cite>, <i>347</i>, 1477–1482.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008AFF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010232">Mahoney, M. J. (2005). Constructivism and positive psychology. In C. R. Snyder &amp; S. J. Lopez (Eds.), <cite>Handbook of positive psychology</cite> (pp. 745–750). New York: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B01" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010233">Mahowald, M. W., &amp; Schenck, C. H. (1996). NREM sleep parasomnias. <cite>Neurologic Clinics</cite>, <i>14</i>, 675–696.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B03" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010234">Mahowald, M. W., Schenck, C. H., &amp; Bornemann, M. A. (2005). Sleep-related violence. <cite>Current Neurology and Neuroscience Reports</cite>, <i>5</i>, 153–158.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B05" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010235">Mahr, I., Bambico, F. R., Mechawar, N., &amp; Nobrega, J. N. (2013). Stress, serotonin, and hippocampal neurogenesis in relation to depression and antidepressant effects. <cite>Neuroscience and Behavioural Reviews</cite>, <i>38</i>, 173–192. doi: 10.1016/j.neubiorev.2013.11.009</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B07" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010236">Maier, S. F., Amat, J., Baratta, M. V., Paul, E., &amp; Watkins, L. R. (2006). Behavioral control, the medial prefrontal cortex, and resilience. <cite>Dialogues in Clinical Neuroscience</cite>, <i>8</i>(4), 397–406.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B09" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010237">Maier, S. F., &amp; Watkins, L. R. (1998). Cytokines for psychologists: Implications of bidirectional immune-to-brain communication for understanding behavior, mood, and cognition. <cite>Psychological Review</cite>, <i>105</i>, 83–107.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B0B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010238">Maier, S. F., &amp; Watkins, L. R. (2005). Stressor controllability and learned helplessness: The roles of the dorsal raphe nucleus, serotonin, and corticotropin-releasing factor. <cite>Neuroscience &amp; Biobehavioral Reviews</cite>, <i>29</i>(4–5), 829–841.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B0D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010239">Main, M., &amp; Cassidy, J. (1988). Categories of response to reunion with the parent at age 6: Predictable from infant attachment classifications and stable over a 1 month period. <cite>Developmental Psychology</cite>, <i>24</i>, 415–426.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B0F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001023A">Main, M., &amp; Hesse, E. (1990). Parents’ unresolved traumatic experiences are related to infant disorganized attachment status; Is frightened and/or frightening parental behaviour the linking mechanism? In M. T. Greenberg, D. Cicchetti, &amp; E. M. Cummings (Eds.), <cite>Attachment in the preschool years: Theory, research and intervention</cite> (pp. 161–182). Chicago: University of Chicago Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B11" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001023B">Main, M., &amp; Solomon, J. (1990). Procedures for identifying infants as disorganized/disoriented during the Ainsworth Strange Situation. In M. T. Greenberg, D. Cicchetti, &amp; E. M. Cummings (Eds.), <cite>Attachment in the preschool years: Theory, research and intervention</cite> (pp. 121–160). Chicago: University of Chicago Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B13" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001023C">Makin, T. R., Scholz, J., Henderson Slater, D., Johansen-Berg, H., &amp; Tracey, I. (2015). Reassessing cortical reorganization in the primary sensorimotor cortex following arm amputation. <cite>Brain</cite>, <i style="font-style: normal;"><em>138</em>(Pt 8)</i>, 2140–2146. doi: 10.1093/brain/awv161</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B15" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001023D">Maletic, V., Robinson, M., Oakes, T., Iyengar, S., Ball, S. G., &amp; Russell, J. (2007). Neurobiology of depression: An integrated view of key findings. <cite>The International Journal of Clinical Practice</cite>, <i>61</i>(12), 2030–2040.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B17" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001023E">Mancuso, C., Siciliano, R., Barone, E., &amp; Preziosi, P. (2011). Natural substance and Alzheimer’s disease: From preclinical studies to evidence-based medicine. <cite>Biochimica et Biophysica Acta (BBA)</cite>, <i>1822</i>(5), 616–624.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B19" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001023F">Mandler, G. (1967). Organization and memory. In K. W. Spence &amp; J. T. Spence (Eds.), <cite style="font-style: normal;"><em>The psychology of learning and motivation, </em>(Vol. 1,</cite> pp. 327–372). New York: Academic Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B1B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010240">Mangalindan, J. P. (2012). Google: The king of perks – CNN Money. Retrieved May 30, 2013, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://money.cnn.com/galleries/2012/technology/1201/gallery.best-companies-google-perks.fortune/index.html</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B1D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010241">Manning, R., Levine, M., &amp; Collins, A. (2007). The Kitty Genovese murder and the social psychology of helping: The parable of the 38 witnesses. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>62</i>(6), 555–562. doi:10.1037/0003–066X.62.6.555</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B1F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010242">Manos, R. C., Kanter, J. W., &amp; Busch, A. M. (2010). A critical review of assessment strategies to measure the behavioral activation model of depression. <cite>Clinical Psychology Review</cite>, <i>30</i>(5), 547–561. doi: 10.1016/j.cpr.2010.03.008</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B21" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010243">Mantoan, L., Eriksson, S. H., Nisbet, A. P., &amp; Walker, M. C. (2013). Adult-onset NREM parasomnia with hypnopompic hallucinatory pain: A case report. <cite>Sleep</cite>, <i>36</i>(2), 287–290.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B23" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010244">Manusov, V., &amp; Patterson, M. L. (Eds.). (2006). <cite>The Sage handbook of nonverbal communication</cite>. Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B25" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010245">Maquet, P., Schwartz, S., Passingham, R., &amp; Frith, C. (2003). Sleep-related consolidation of a visuomotor skill: Brain mechanisms as assessed by functional magnetic resonance imaging. <cite>The Journal of Neuroscience</cite>, <i>23</i>(4), 1432.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B27" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010246">March of Dimes Foundation. (2009). Pregnancy &amp; Newborn Health Education Center. Quick reference fact sheet: Birth defects. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://208.74.202.108/printableArticles/4439_1206.asp</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B29" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010247">Marcus, G. F. (2001). <cite>The algebraic mind: Integrating connectionism and cognitive science (learning, development, and conceptual change).</cite> Cambridge, MA: MIT Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B2B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010248">Maren, S., &amp; Fanselow, M. S. (1996). The amygdala and fear conditioning: Has the nut been cracked? <cite>Neuron</cite>, <i>16</i>, 237–240.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B2D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010249">Margolin, S., &amp; Kubic, L. S. (1944). An apparatus for the use of breath sounds as a hypnogogic stimulus. <cite>American Journal of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>100</i>, 610.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B2F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001024A">Marik, P. E. (2000). Leptin, obesity, and obstructive sleep apnea. <cite>Chest</cite>, <i>118</i>, 569–571.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B31" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001024B">Markovitz, J. H., Lewis, C. E., Sanders, P. W., Tucker, D., &amp; Warnock, D. G. (1997). Relationship of diastolic blood pressure with cyclic GMP excretion among young adults (the CARDIA study): Influence of a family history of hypertension. <cite>Journal of Hypertension</cite>, <i>15</i>(9), 955–962.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B33" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001024C">Marks, D. F., Murray, M., Evans, B., Willig, C., Sykes, C. M., &amp; Woodall, C. (2005). <cite>Health Psychology: Theory, research &amp; practice</cite> (pp. 3–25). London: Sage.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B35" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001024D">Markus, H. R., &amp; Kitayama, S. (1991). Culture and the self: Implications for cognition, emotion, and motivation. <cite>Psychological Review</cite>, <i>98</i>, 224–253.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B37" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001024E">Mars, A. E., Mauk, J. E., &amp; Dowrick, P. (1998). Symptoms of pervasive developmental disorders as observed in prediagnostic home videos of infants and toddlers. <cite>Journal of Pediatrics</cite>, <i>132</i>, 500–504.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B39" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001024F">Marsden, K. E., Ma, W. J., Deci, E. L., Ryan, R. M., &amp; Chiu, P. H. (2014). Diminished neural responses predict enhanced intrinsic motivation and sensitivity to external incentive. <cite>Cognitive, Affective, Behavioral Neuroscience</cite>, <i>15</i>, 276–286. doi: 10.3758/s13415–014-0324–5</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B3B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010250">Martin, C. L. (2000). Cognitive theories of gender development. In T. Eckes &amp; H. M. Trautner (Eds.), <cite>The developmental social psychology of gender</cite> (pp. 91–121). Mahwah, NJ: Lawrence Erlbaum.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B3D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010251">Martin, J. A., &amp; Buckwalter, J. J. (2001). Telomere erosion and senescence in human articular cartilage chondrocytes. <cite>Journal of Gerontology and Biological Science</cite>, <i>56</i>(4), 172–179.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B3F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010252">Martin, L. (2004). Can sleepwalking be a murder defense? Retrieved October 19, 2004, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.lakesidepress.com/pulmonary/Sleep/sleep-murder.htm</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B41" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010253">Martín, R., Bajo-Grañeras, R., Moratalla, R., Perea, G., &amp; Araque, A. (2015). Circuit-specific signaling in astrocyte-neuron networks in basal ganglia pathways. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>349</i>(6249), 730–734. doi: 10.1126/science.aaa7945</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B43" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010254">Martinussen, R., Hayden J., Hogg-Johnson, S., &amp; Tannock, R. (2005). A meta-analysis of working memory components in children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder. <cite>Journal of the American Academy of Child &amp; Adolescent Psychiatry</cite>, <i>44</i>(4), 377–384.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B45" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010255">Martyn, A. C., De Jaeger, X., Magalhaes, A. C., Kesarwani, R., Goncalves, D. F., Raulic, S., . . . Prado, V. F. (2012). Elimination of the vesicular acetylcholine transporter in the forebrain causes hyperactivity and deficits in spatial memory and long-term potentiation. <cite>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences</cite>, <i>109</i>(43), 17651–17656. doi: 10.1073/pnas.1215381109</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B47" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010256">Maruta, T., Colligan, R. C., Malinchoc, M., &amp; Offord, K. P. (2002, August). Optimism-pessimism assessed in the 1960s and self-reported health status 30 years later. <cite>Mayo Clinic Proceedings</cite>, <i>77</i>, 748–753.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B49" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010257">Maslow, A. (1943). A theory of human motivation. <cite>Psychological Review</cite>, <i>50</i>, 370–396.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B4B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010258">Maslow, A. (1971). <cite>The farther reaches of human nature</cite>. New York: Viking Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B4D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010259">Maslow, A. (1987). <cite>Motivation and personality</cite> (3rd ed.). New York: Harper &amp; Row.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B4F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001025A">Maslow, A. H. (1954). <cite>Motivation and personality</cite>. New York: Harper &amp; Row.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B51" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001025B">Maslow, A., &amp; Lowery, R. (Ed.). (1998). <cite>Toward a psychology of being</cite> (3rd ed.). New York: Wiley &amp; Sons.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B53" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001025C">Massaro, D. W., &amp; Cowan, N. (1993). Information processing models: Microscopes of the mind. <cite>Annual Review of Psychology</cite>, <i>44</i>, 383–426.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B55" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001025D">Masson, J. M. (1984). <cite>The assault on truth: Freud’s suppression of the seduction theory</cite>. New York: Farrar, Straus &amp; Giroux.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B57" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001025E">Master, A., Cheryan, S., &amp; Meltzoff, A. N. (2015). Computing whether she belongs: Stereotypes undermine girls’ interest and sense of belonging in computer science. <cite style="font-style: normal;"><em>Journal of Educational Psychology, 108</em>(3), 424–437</cite>. doi: 10.1037/edu0000061</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B59" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001025F">Masters, J. C., Burish, T. G., Holton, S. D., &amp; Rimm, D. C. (1987). <cite>Behavior therapy: Techniques and empirical finding</cite>. San Diego, CA: Harcourt Brace Jovanovich.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B5B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010260">Masters, W. H., &amp; Johnson, V. E. (1966). <cite>Human sexual response</cite>. Boston: Little, Brown.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B5D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010261">Masters, W. H., &amp; Johnson, V. E. (1970). <cite>Human sexual inadequacy</cite>. Boston: Little, Brown.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B5F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010262">Masters, W. H., Johnson, V. E., &amp; Kolodny, R. (1995). <cite>Human sexuality</cite> (5th ed.). New York: HarperCollins.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B61" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010263">Masuda, T., &amp; Kitayama, S. (2004). Perceiver-induced constraint and attitude attribution in Japan and the U.S.: A case for the cultural dependence of the correspondence bias. <cite>Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</cite>, <i>40</i>, 409–416.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B63" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010264">Matsumoto, D. (1994). <cite>People: Psychology from a cultural perspective</cite>. Pacific Grove, CA: Brooks-Cole.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B65" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010265">Matthew, N. &amp; Dallery, J. (2007). Mercury rising: Exploring the vaccine–autism myth. <cite>Skeptic</cite>, <i>13</i>(3), Retrieved May 3, 2010, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.skeptic.com/eskeptic/07–06-20/#feature</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B67" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010266">Matthews, K. A., Dahi, R. E., Owens, J. F., Lee, L., &amp; Hall, M. (2012). Sleep duration and insulin resistance in healthy black and white adolescents. <cite>Sleep</cite>, <i>35</i>(10): 1353–1358.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B69" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010267">Matthews, K. A., Gump, B. B., Harris, K. F., Haney, T. L., &amp; Barefoot, J. C. (2004). Hostile behaviors predict cardiovascular mortality among men enrolled in the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention trial. <cite>Circulation</cite>, <i>109</i>, 66–70.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B6B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010268">Maurer, D., &amp; Young, R. (1983). Newborns’ following of natural and distorted arrangements of facial features. <cite>Infant Behaviour and Development</cite>, <i>6</i>, 127–131.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B6D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010269">Mavromatis, A. (1987). <cite>Hypnagogia: The unique state of consciousness between wakefulness and sleep</cite>. London: Routledge &amp; Kegan Paul.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B6F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001026A">Mavromatis, A., &amp; Richardson, J. T. E. (1984). Hypnagogic imagery. <cite>International Review of Mental Imagery</cite>, <i>1</i>, 159–189.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B71" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001026B">Maxmen, J. S., Ward, N. G., &amp; Kilgus, M. D. (2009). <cite>Essential psychopathology and its treatment</cite>. New York: W. W. Norton.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B73" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001026C">Mayer, B. (2014). How much nicotine kills a human? Tracing back the generally accepted lethal dose to dubious self-experiments in the nineteenth century. <cite>Archives of Toxicology</cite>, <i>88</i>(1), 5–7.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B75" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001026D">Mayer, J. D., &amp; Geher, G. (1996). Emotional intelligence and the identification of emotion. <cite>Intelligence</cite>, <i>22</i>, 89–113.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B77" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001026E">Mayer, J. D., Roberts, R. D., &amp; Barsade, S. G. (2008). Human abilities: Emotional intelligence. <cite>Annual Review of Psychology</cite>, <i>59</i>(1), 507–536. doi: 10.1146/annurev.psych.59.103006.093646</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B79" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001026F">Mayer, J. D., &amp; Salovey, P. (1997). What is emotional intelligence? In P. Salovey &amp; D. Sluyter (Eds.), <cite>Emotional development and emotional intelligence: Educational implications</cite> (pp. 3–31). New York: Basic Books.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B7B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010270">Mayer, J. D., Salovey, P., &amp; Caruso, D. R. (2000). Models of emotional intelligence. In R. J. Sternberg (Ed.), <cite>Handbook of human intelligence</cite> (2nd ed., pp. 396–420). New York: Cambridge University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B7D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010271">Mayer, J. D., Salovey, P., &amp; Caruso, D. R. (2008). Emotional intelligence: New ability or eclectic traits? <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>63</i>(6), 503–517. doi: 10.1037/0003–066x.63.6.503</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B7F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010272">Mayo Clinic. (2016). Healthy lifestyle: Stress management. Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.mayoclinic.org/healthy-lifestyle/stress-management/in-depth/relaxation-technique/art-20045368?pg=2</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B81" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010273">Mayo Clinic Staff. (2014). Diseases and conditions: Insomnia (web page). Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/insomnia/basics/definition/con-20024293</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B83" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010274">Mazzoni, G. A. L., Loftus, E. F., &amp; Kirsch, I. (2001). Changing beliefs about implausible autobiographical events: A little plausibility goes a long way. <cite>Journal of Experimental Psychology: Applied</cite>, <i>7</i>(1), 51–59.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B85" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010275">McAdams, D. P., &amp; Olson, B. D. (2010). Personality development: Continuity and change over the life course. <cite>Annual Review of Psychology</cite>, <i>61</i>, 517–542. doi: 10.1146/annurev.psych.093008.100507</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B87" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010276">McBurney, D. H., Zapp, D., &amp; Streeter, S. (2005). Preferred number of sexual partners: Tails of distributions and tales of mating systems. <cite>Evolution and Human Behavior</cite>, <i>26</i>(3), 271–278.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B89" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010277">McCann, S. J. H., &amp; Stewin, L. L. (1988). Worry, anxiety, and preferred length of sleep. <cite>Journal of Genetic Psychology</cite>, <i>149</i>, 413–418.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B8B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010278">McCarty, C. A., Weisz, J. R., Wanitromanee, K., Eastman, K. L., Suwanlert, S., Chaiyasit, W., &amp; Band, E. B. (1999). Culture, coping, and context: Primary and secondary control among Thai and American youth. <cite>Journal of Child Psychology and Psychiatry</cite>, <i>40</i>, 809–818.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B8D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010279">McCauley, C. (1998). Group dynamics in Janis’s theory of groupthink: Backward and forward. <cite>Organizational Behavior &amp; Human Decision Processes</cite>, <i>73</i>(2–3), 142–162.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B8F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001027A">McClelland, D. C. (1961). <cite>The achieving society</cite>. Princeton, NJ: Van Nostrand.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B91" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001027B">McClelland, D. C. (1987). <cite>Human motivation</cite>. Cambridge, MA: Cambridge University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B93" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001027C">McClelland, J. L., &amp; Rumelhart, D. E. (1988). <cite>Explorations in parallel distributed processing</cite>. Cambridge, MA: MIT Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B95" epub:type="biblioentry" data-chaucer-note-id="217857"><p>McConaghy, N., Hadzi-Pavlovic, D., Stevens, C., Manicavasagar, V., Buhrich, N., &amp; Vollmer-Conna, U. (2006). Fraternal birth order and ratio of heterosexual/homosexual feelings in women and men. <cite>Journal of Homosexuality</cite>, <i>51</i>(4), 161–174.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B955" epub:type="biblioentry">
<p>McCormick, D. A., &amp; Westbrook, G. L. (2013). Sleep and dreaming. In E. R. Kandel, J. H. Schwartz, T. M. Jessell, S. A. Siegelbaum &amp; A. J. Hudspeth (Eds.), Principles of neural science (5th ed., pp. 1140–1158). New York: McGraw Hill.  </p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B97" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001027E">McCrae, R. R., &amp; Costa, P. T. (1990). <cite>Personality in adulthood</cite>. New York: Guilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B99" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001027F">McCrae, R. R., &amp; Costa, P. T., Jr. (1996). Toward a new generation of personality theories: Theoretical contexts for the five-factor model. In J. S. Wiggins (Ed.), <cite>The five-factor model of personality: Theoretical perspectives</cite> (pp. 51–87). New York: Guilford.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B9B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010280">McCrae, R. R., Costa Jr, P. T., &amp; Martin, T. A. (2005). The NEO-PI-3: A more readable revised NEO Personality Inventory. <cite>Journal of Personality Assessment</cite>, <i>84</i>(3), 261–270. doi: 10.1207/s15327752jpa8403_05</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B9D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010281">McCrae, R. R., Martin, T. A., &amp; Costa, P. T., Jr. (2005). Age trends and age norms for the NEO Personality Inventory-3 in adolescents and adults. <cite>Assessment</cite>, <i>12</i>(4), 363–373. doi: 10.1177/1073191105279724</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008B9F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010282">McCrae, R. R., &amp; Terracciano, A. (2005). Universal features of personality traits from the observer’s perspective: Data from 50 cultures. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>88</i>(3), 547–561. doi: 10.1037/0022–3514.88.3.547.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BA1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010283">McDaniel, M. A., Howard, D. C., &amp; Einstein, G. O. (2009). The read-recite-review study strategy: Effective and portable. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>20</i>(4), 516–522.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BA3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010284">McDermott, J. F. (2001). Emily Dickinson revisited: A study of periodicity in her work. <cite>American Journal of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>158</i>(5), 686–690.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BA5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010285">McDonald, G. P., O’Connell, M., &amp; Suls, J. (2015). Cancer control falls squarely within the province of the psychological sciences. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>70</i>, 61–74.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BA7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010286">McDougall, T. (2009). Nursing children and adolescents with bipolar disorder. <cite>Journal of Child and Adolescent Psychiatric Nursing</cite>, <i>22</i>, 33–39.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BA9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010287">McDougall, W. (1908). <cite>An introduction to social psychology</cite>. London: Methuen &amp; Co.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BAB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010288">McEwen, B. S. (2000). The neurobiology of stress: From serendipity to clinical relevance. <cite>Brain Research</cite>, <i>886</i>, 172–189.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BAD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010289">McEwen, B. S., Gray, J., &amp; Nasca, C. (2015). Recognizing resilience: Learning from the effects of stress on the brain. <cite>Neurobiol Stress</cite>, <i>1</i>, 1–11. doi: 10.1016/j.ynstr.2014.09.001</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BAF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001028A">McGaugh, J. L. (2004). The amygdala modulates the consolidation of memories of emotionally arousing experiences, <cite>Annual Review Neuroscience</cite>, <i>27</i>, 1–28.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BB1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001028B">McGinn, L. K. (2000). Cognitive behavioral therapy of depression: Theory, treatment, and empirical status. <cite>American Journal of Psychotherapy</cite>, <i>54</i>, 254–260.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BB3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001028C">McGrath, C. L., Kelley, M. E., Holtzheimer, P. E., Dunlop, B. W., Craighead, W. E., Franco, A. R., . . . Mayberg, H. S. (2013). Toward a neuroimaging treatment selection biomarker for major depressive disorder. <cite>JAMA Psychiatry</cite>, <i>70</i>(8), 821–829. doi: 10.1001/jamapsychiatry.2013.143</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BB5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001028D">McGrath, E., Keita, G. P., Strickland, B. R., &amp; Russo, N. F. (1992). <cite>Women and depression: Risk factors and treatment issues</cite>. Washington, DC: American Psychological Association.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BB7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001028E">McGrath, R. E., &amp; Carroll, E. J. (2012). The current status of ‘projective’ ‘tests’. In H. Cooper, P. M. Camic, D. L. Long, A. T. Panter, D. Rindskopf &amp; K. J. Sher (Eds.), <cite>APA handbook of research methods in psychology, Vol 1: Foundations, planning, measures, and psychometrics</cite> (pp. 329–348). Washington, DC: American Psychological Association.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BB9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001028F">McGregor, D. (1960). <cite>The human side of enterprise</cite>. New York: McGraw-Hill.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BBB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010290">McGrew, K. S. (2009). CHC theory and the human cognitive abilities project: Standing on the shoulders of the giants of psychometric intelligence research. <cite>Intelligence</cite>, <i>37</i>(1), 1–10. doi: 10.1016/j.intell.2008.08.004</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BBD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010291">McGuire, F. (1994). Army alpha and beta tests of intelligence. In R. J. Sternberg (Ed.), <cite>Encyclopedia of intelligence</cite> (Vol. 1, pp. 125–129). New York: Macmillan.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BBF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010292">McIver, D. J., Hawkins, J. B., Chunara, R., Chatterjee, A. K., Bhandari, A., Fitzgerald, T. P., . . . Brownstein, J. S. (2015). Characterizing sleep issues using Twitter. <cite>Journal of Medical Internet Research</cite>, <i>17</i>(6), e140. doi: 10.2196/jmir.4476</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BC1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010293">McLaughlin, S. K. &amp; Margolskee, R. F. (1994). Vertebrate taste transduction. <cite>American Scientist</cite>, <i>82</i>, 538–545.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BC3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010294">McMahon, F. J., Akula, N., Schulze, T. G., Muglia, P., Tozzi, F., Detera-Wadleigh, S. D., … Rietschel, M. (2010). Meta-analysis of genome-wide association data identifies a risk locus for major mood disorders on 3p21.1. <cite>Nature Genetics</cite>, <i>42</i>(2), 128–131. doi: 10.1038/ng.523</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BC5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010295">McMonagle, T., &amp; Sultana, A. (2002). Token economy for schizophrenia (Cochrane Review). In <cite>The Cochrane Library, Issue 2</cite>. Oxford: Update Software.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BC7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010296">McPherson, J. M., Smith-Lovin, L., Cook, J. M., (2001). Birds of a feather: Homophily in social networks. <cite>Annual Review of Sociology</cite> <i>27</i>, 415–444.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BC9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010297">McWilliams, N. (2016). Psychoanalysis. In I. Marini &amp; M. A. Stebnicki (Eds.), <cite>The professional counselor’s desk reference</cite> (2nd ed., pp. 185–189). New York: Springer Publishing.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BCD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010299">Meador, B. D., &amp; Rogers, C. R. (1984). Person-centered therapy. In R. J. Corsini (Ed.), <cite>Current psychotherapies</cite> (3rd ed., pp. 142–195). Itasca, IL: Peacock.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BCF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001029A">Medical Economics Staff. (1994). <cite>PDR family guide to women’s health &amp; prescription drugs</cite>. Montvale, NJ: Medical Economics Company.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BD1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001029B">Medicine, B. (2002). Directions in gender research in American Indian societies: Two spirits and other categories. In W. J. Lonner, D. L. Dinnel, S. A. Hayes, &amp; D. N. Sattler (Eds.), <cite>Online Readings in Psychology and Culture</cite> (Unit 3, Chapter 2) (<span class="url-obsolete">www.wwu.edu/~culture</span>), Center for Cross-Cultural Research, Western Washington University, Bellingham, WA.</p></li><li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BD3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001029C"><span>Meeter, M., Murre, J. M. J., Janssen, S. M. J., Birkenhager, T., &amp; vanden Broek, W. W. (2011). Retrograde amnesia after electroconvulsive therapy: A temporary effect?<span> </span></span><cite>Journal of Affective Disorders</cite><span>,<span> </span></span><i>132</i><span>(1–2): 216–222.</span></p></li><li class="biblioentry" epub:type="biblioentry"><p>Mehrabian, A. (2000). Beyond IQ: Broad-based measurement of individual success potential or “emotional intelligence.” <cite>Genetic, Social, and General Psychology Monographs</cite>, <i>126</i>, 133–239.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BD5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001029D">Meichenbaum, D. (1996). Stress inoculation training for coping with stressors. <cite>The Clinical Psychologist</cite>, <i>49</i>, 4–7.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BD7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001029E">Meikle, J., &amp; Boseley, S. (2010, May 24). MMR row doctor Andrew Wakefield struck off register. <cite>The Guardian</cite> (London). Retrieved April 26, 2013, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.guardian.co.uk/society/2010/may/24/mmr-doctor-andrew-wakefield-struck-off</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BD9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001029F">Meineri, S. &amp; Guéguen N. (2008). An application of the foot-in-the-door strategy in the environmental field. <cite>European Journal of Social Sciences</cite>, <i>7</i>, 71–74.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BDB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102A0">Mejía, O. L., &amp; McCarthy, C. J. (2010). Acculturative stress, depression, and anxiety in migrant farmwork college students of Mexican heritage. <cite>International Journal of Stress Management</cite>, <i>17</i>(1), 1–20.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BDD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102A1">Melby-Lervag, M., &amp; Hulme, C. (2013). Is working memory training effective? A meta-analytic review. <cite>Developmental Psychology</cite>, <i>49</i>(2), 270–291. doi: 10.1037/a0028228</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BDF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102A2">Melby-Lervag, M., &amp; Hulme, C. (2016). There is no convincing evidence that working memory training is effective: A reply to Au et al. (2014) and Karbach and Verhaeghen (2014). <cite style="font-style: normal;"><em>Psychonomic Bulletin &amp; Review, 23(1), </em>324–330</cite>. doi: 10.3758/s13423–015-0862-z</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BE1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102A3">Melzack, R., &amp; Wall, P. D. (1965). Pain mechanisms: A new theory. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>150</i>, 971–979.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BE3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102A4">Melzack, R., &amp; Wall, P. D. (1996). <cite>The challenge of pain</cite>. London: Penguin Books.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BE5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102A5">Mendez, M. F., &amp; Fras, I. A. (2011). The false memory syndrome: Experimental studies and comparison to confabulations. <cite>Medical Hypotheses</cite>, <i>76</i>(4), 492–496. doi: 10.1016/j.mehy.2010.110.33</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BE7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102A6">Mennella, J. A., &amp; Trabulsi, J. C. (2012). Complementary foods and flavor experiences: Setting the foundation. <cite>Ann Nutr Metab</cite>, <i>60 Suppl 2</i>, 40–50. doi: 10.1159/000335337</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BE9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102A7">Menon, T., Morris, M., Chiu, C. Y., &amp; Hong, Y. I. (1999). Culture and the construal of agency: Attribution to individual versus group dispositions. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>76</i>, 701–727.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BEB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102A8">Merikle, M. P. (2000). Subliminal perception. In A. E. Kazdin (Ed.), <cite>Encyclopedia of Psychology</cite> (Vol. 7, pp. 497–499). New York: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BED" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102A9">Mervis, C. B., &amp; Rosch, E. (1981). Categorization of natural objects. <cite>Annual Review of Psychology</cite>, <i>32</i>, 89–115.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BEF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102AA">Mesgarani, N., &amp; Chang, E. F. (2012). Selective cortical representation of attended speaker in multi-talker speech perception. <cite>Nature</cite>, <i>485</i>, 233–236. doi: 10.1038/nature11020</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BF1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102AB">Messina, G., Dalia, C., Tafuri, D., Monda, V., Palmieri, F., Dato, A., . . . Monda, M. (2014). Orexin-A controls sympathetic activity and eating behavior. <cite>Frontiers in Psychology</cite>, <i>5</i>, 997.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BF3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102AC">Meyer, G. J., &amp; Kurtz, J. E. (2006). Advancing personality assessment terminology: Time to retire ‘objective’ and ‘projective’ as personality test descriptors. <cite>Journal of Personality Assessment</cite>, <i>87</i>(3), 223–225. doi: 10.1207/s15327752jpa8703_01</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BF5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102AD">Meyer, J. S. (2013). 3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA): Current perspectives. <cite>Substance Abuse Rehabilitation</cite>, <i>4,</i> 83–99. doi: 10.2147/SAR.S37258</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BF7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102AE">Meyrick, J. (2001). Forget the blood and gore: An alternative message strategy to help adolescents avoid cigarette smoking. <cite>Health Education</cite>, <i>101</i>(3), 99–107.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BF9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102AF">Meziab, O., Kirby, K. A., Williams, B., Yaffe, K., Byers, A. L., &amp; Barnes, D. E. (2014). Prisoner of war status, posttraumatic stress disorder, and dementia in older veterans. <cite>Alzheimer’s &amp; Dementia</cite>, <i>10</i>(3 Suppl), S236–241. doi: 10.1016/j.jalz.2014.04.004</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BFB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102B0">Michaels, J. W., Blommel, J. M., Brocato, R. M., Linkous, R. A., &amp; Rowe, J. S. (1982). Social facilitation and inhibition in a natural setting. <cite>Replications in Social Psychology</cite>, <i>2</i>, 21–24.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BFD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102B1">Michalski, D., Kohout, J., Wicherski, M., &amp; Hart, B. (2011). 2009 Doctorate Employment Survey (Table 3). Washington, DC: American Psychological Association. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">https://www.apa.org/workforce/publications/09-doc-empl/report.pdf</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008BFF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102B2">Michalski, D., Mulvey, T., &amp; Kohoout, J. (2010). <cite>2008 American Psychological Association survey of psychology health service providers</cite>. Retrieved April 5, 2010, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.apa.org/workforce/publications/08-hsp/report.pdf</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C01" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102B3">Micoulaud-Franchi, J. A., Lanteaume, L., Pallanca, O., Vion-Dury, J., &amp; Bartolomei, F. (2014). Biofeedback and drug-resistant epilepsy: Back to an earlier treatment? <cite>Revue Neurologique</cite>, <i>170</i>(3), 187–196.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C03" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102B4">Migo, E. M., Quamme, J. R., Holmes, S., Bendell, A., Norman, K. A., Mayes, A. R., &amp; Montaldi, D. (2014). Individual difference in forced-choice recognition memory: Partitioning contributions of recollection and familiarity. <cite>Wharterly Journal of Experimental Psychology</cite>, <i>67</i>(11), 2189–2206.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C05" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102B5">Mikami, A. Y., Szwedo, D. E., Allen, J. P., Evans, M. A., &amp; Hare, A. L. (2010). Adolescent peer relationships and behavior problems predict young adults’ communication on social networking websites. <cite>Developmental Psychology</cite>, <i>46</i>, 46–56.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C07" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102B6">Miles, D. R., &amp; Carey, G. (1997). Genetic and environmental architecture of human aggression. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>72</i>, 207–217.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C09" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102B7">Milgram, S. (1963). Behavioral study of obedience. <cite>The Journal of Abnormal and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>67</i>(4), 371–378. doi: 10.1037/h0040525</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C0B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102B8">Milgram, S. (1964). Issues in the study of obedience: A reply to Baumrind. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>19</i>, 848–852.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C0D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102B9">Milgram, S. (1974). <cite>Obedience to authority: An experimental view</cite>. New York: Harper &amp; Row.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C0F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102BA">Miller, C. H., Hamilton, J. P., Sacchet, M. D., &amp; Gotlib, I. H. (2015). Meta-analysis of functional neuroimaging of major depressive disorder in youth. <cite>JAMA Psychiatry</cite>, <i>72</i>(10), 1045–1053. doi: 10.1001/jamapsychiatry.2015.1376</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C11" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102BB">Miller, D. I., &amp; Halpern, D. F. (2014). The new science of cognitive sex differences. <cite>Trends in Cognitive Sciences</cite>, <i>18</i>(1), 37–45.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C13" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102BC">Miller, G. (2009). Neuropathology. A late hit for pro football players. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>325</i>(5941), 670–672.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C15" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102BD">Miller, G. (2013). Neuroscience. The promise and perils of oxytocin. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>339</i>(6117), 267–269. doi: 10.1126/science.339.6117.267</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C17" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102BE">Miller, G. A. (1956). The magical number seven, plus or minus two: Some limits on our capacity for processing information. <cite>Psychological Review</cite>, <i>63</i>, 81–97.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C19" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102BF">Miller, J. G. (1984). Culture and the development of everyday social explanation. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>46</i>, 961–978.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C1B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102C0">Miller, K. E., &amp; Graves, J. C. (2000). Update on the prevention and treatment of sexually transmitted diseases. <cite>American Family Physician</cite>, <i>61</i>, 379–386.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C1D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102C1">Miller, M., &amp; Rahe, R. H. (1997). Life changes scaling for the 1990s. <cite>Journal of Psychosomatic Research</cite>, <i>43</i>(3), 279–292.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C1F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102C2">Miller, M. E., &amp; Bowers, K. S. (1993). Hypnotic analgesia: Dissociated experience or dissociated control? <cite>Journal of Abnormal Psychology</cite>, <i>102</i>, 29–38.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C21" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102C3">Miller, M. K., &amp; Summers, A. (2007). Gender differences in video game characters’ roles, appearances, and attire as portrayed in video game magazines. <cite>Sex Roles</cite>, <i>57</i>(9–10), 733–742.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C23" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102C4">Miller, M. N., &amp; Pumariega, A. (1999). Culture and eating disorders. <cite>Psychiatric Times</cite>, <i>16</i>(2), 1–4.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C25" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102C5">Miller, N. E. (1983). Behavioral medicine: Symbiosis between laboratory and clinic. <cite>Annual Review of Psychology</cite>, <i>34</i>, 1–31.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C27" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102C6">Miller, N. E., Sears, R. R., Mowrer, O. H., Doob, L. W., &amp; Dollard, J. (1941). The frustration-aggression hypothesis. <cite>Psychological Review</cite>, <i>48</i>, 337–342.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C29" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102C7">Miller, T. Q., Smith, T. W., Turner, C. W., Guijarro, M. L., &amp; Hallet, A. J. (1996). A meta-analytic review of research on hostility and physical health. <cite>Psychological Bulletin</cite>, <i>119</i>, 322–348.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C2B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102C8">Miller, T. Q., Turner, C. W., Tindale, R. S., Posavac, E. J., &amp; Dugoni, B. L. (1991). Reasons for the trend toward null findings in research on Type A behavior. <cite>Psychological Bulletin</cite>, <i>110</i>, 469–485.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C2D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102C9">Miller, W. R., &amp; Arkowitz, H. (2015). Learning, applying, and extending motivational interviewing. In H. Arkowitz, W. R. Miller, &amp; S. Rollnick (Eds.), <cite>Motivational interviewing in the treatment of psychological problems</cite> (2nd ed.). New York: The Guilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C2F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102CA">Miller, W. R., &amp; Rollnick, S. (2002). <cite>Motivational interviewing: Preparing people for change</cite> (2nd ed.). New York: Guilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C31" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102CB">Miller, W. R., &amp; Rollnick, S. (2013). <cite>Motivational interviewing: Helping people change</cite> (3rd ed.). New York: The Guilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C33" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102CC">Mills, M. A., Edmondson, D., &amp; Park, C. L. (2007). Trauma and stress response among Hurricane Katrina evacuees. <cite>American Journal of Public Health</cite>, <i>97</i>(1), 116–123.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C35" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102CD">Milner, B., Corkin, S., &amp; Teuber, H. L. (1968). Further analysis of the hippocampal syndrome: 14-year follow-up study of H. M. <cite>Neuropsychologia</cite>, <i>6</i>, 215–234.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C37" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102CE">Milner, J. (1992, January). Risk for physical child abuse: Adult factors. <cite>Violence Update</cite>, pp. 9–11.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C39" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102CF">Mintz, L. B., &amp; Betz, N. E. (1988). Prevalence and correlates of eating disordered behaviors among undergraduate women. <cite>Journal of Counseling Psychology</cite>, <i>35</i>, 463–471.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C3B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102D0">Miocinovic, S., Somayajula, S., Chitnis, S., &amp; Vitek, J. L. (2013). History, applications, and mechanisms of deep brain stimulation. <cite>JAMA Neurology</cite>, <i>70</i>(2), 163–171. doi: 10.1001/2013.jamaneurol.45</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C3D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102D1">Mischel, W. (1966). A social learning view of sex differences in behaviour. In E. E. Maccoby (Ed.), <cite>The development of sex differences</cite> (pp. 56–81). Stanford, CT: Stanford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C3F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102D2">Mischel, W., &amp; Shoda, Y. (1995). A cognitive-affective system theory of personality: Reconceptualizing situations, dispositions, dynamics, and invariances in personality structure. <cite>Psychological Review</cite>, <i>102</i>(2), 246–268.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C41" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102D3">Mishell, D. R. (2001). Menopause. In M. A. Stenchever, W. Droegemueller, A. L. Herbst, and D. R. Mishell. (Eds.), <cite>Comprehensive gynecology</cite> (4th ed., pp. 1217–1258). St. Louis, MO: Mosby.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C43" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102D4">Missonnier, P., Hasler, R., Perroud, N., Herrmann, F. R., Millet, P., Richiardi, J., … Baud, P. (2013). EEG anomalies in adult ADHD subjects performing a working memory task. <cite>Neuroscience</cite>, <i>241</i>, 135–146. doi: 10.1016/j.neuroscience.2013.03.011</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C45" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102D5">Mitchell, G. E., &amp; Locke, K. D. (2015). Lay beliefs about autism spectrum disorder among the general public and childcare providers. <cite>Autism</cite>, <i>19</i>, 553–561.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C47" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102D6">Mitchell, J. E., Pyle, R. L., Eckert, E. D. (1981). Frequency and duration of binge-eating episodes in patients with bulimia. <cite>American Journal of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>138</i>, 835–836.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C49" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102D7">Mitchell, J. E., Roerig, J., &amp; Steffen, K. (2013). Biological therapies for eating disorders. <cite>International Journal of Eating Disorders</cite>, <i>46</i>(5), 470–477. doi: 10.1002/eat.22104</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C4B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102D8">Mitchell, S. A., &amp; Black, M. J. (1996). <cite>Freud and beyond: A history of modern psychoanalytic thought</cite> [Reprint ed.]. New York: HarperCollins.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C4D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102D9">Miyatake, A., Morimoto Y., Oishi, T., Hanasaki, N., Sugita, Y., Iijima, S., . . . Yamamura, Y. (1980). Circadian rhythm of serum testosterone and its relation to sleep: Comparison with the variation in serum luteinizing hormone, prolactin, and cortisol in normal men. <cite>Journal of Clinical Endocrinology and Metabolism</cite>, <i>51</i>(6), 1365–1371.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C4F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102DA">Moffic, H. S. (2003). Seven ways to improve “cultural competence.” <cite>Current Psychiatry</cite>, <i>2</i>(5), 78.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C51" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102DB">Mogil, J. S. (1999). The genetic mediation of individual differences in sensitivity to pain and its inhibition. <cite>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, USA</cite>, <i>96</i>(14), 7744–7751.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C53" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102DC">Mohammadzaheri, F., Koegel, L. K., Rezaei, M., &amp; Bakhshi, E. (2015). A randomized clinical trial comparison between pivotal response treatment (PRT) and adult-driven applied behavior analysis (ABA) intervention on disruptive behaviors in public school children with autism. <cite>Journal of Autism and Developmental Disorders</cite>, <i>45</i>(9), 2899–2907.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C55" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102DD">Mokdad, A. H., Bowman, B. A., Ford, E. S., Dietz, W. H., Vinicor, F., Bales, V. S., &amp; Marks, J. S. (2001). Prevalence of obesity, diabetes, and obesity related health risk factors. <cite>Journal of the American Medical Association</cite>, <i>289</i>, 76–79.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C57" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102DE">Moldofsky, H. (1995). Sleep and the immune system. <cite>International Journal of Immunopharmacology</cite>, <i>17</i>(8), 649–654.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C59" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102DF">Moll, H., &amp; Tomasello, M. (2007). How 14- and 18-month-olds know what others have experienced. <cite>Developmental Psychology</cite>, <i>43</i>, 309–317.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C5B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102E0">Möller, A., &amp; Hell, D. (2002). Eugen Bleuler and forensic psychiatry. <cite>International Journal of Law and Psychiatry</cite>, <i>25</i>, 351–360.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C5D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102E1">Molloy, K., Griffiths, T. D., Chait, M., &amp; Lavie, N. (2015). Inattentional deafness: Visual load leads to time-specific suppression of auditory evoked responses. <cite>Journal of Neuroscience</cite>, <i>35</i>(49), 16046–16054. doi: 10.1523/JNEUROSCI.2931–15.2015</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C5F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102E2">Molofsky, A. V., Krencik, R., Ullian, E. M., Tsai, H. H., Deneen, B., Richardson, W. D., . . . Rowitch, D. H. (2012). Astrocytes and disease: A neurodevelopmental perspective. <cite>Genes &amp; Development</cite>, <i>26</i>(9), 891–907. doi: 10.1101/gad.188326.112</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C61" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102E3">Money, J. (1994). <cite>Sex errors of the body and related syndromes</cite>. Baltimore: Paul H. Brookes.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C63" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102E4">Money, J., &amp; Mathews, D. (1982). Prenatal exposure to virilizing progestins: An adult follow-up study of 12 women. <cite>Archives of Sexual Behavior</cite>, <i>11</i>(1), 73–83.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C65" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102E5">Money, J., &amp; Norman, B. F. (1987). Gender identity and gender transposition: Longitudinal outcome study of 24 male hermaphrodites assigned as boys. <cite>Journal of Sex and Marriage Therapy</cite>, <i>13</i>, 75–79.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C67" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102E6">Montgomery, C., &amp; Fisk, J. E. (2008). Ecstasy-related deficits in the updating component of executive processes. <cite>Human Psychopharmacology</cite>, <i>23</i>(6): 495–511.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C69" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102E7">Moody, R., &amp; Perry, P. (1993). <cite>Reunions: Visionary encounters with departed loved ones</cite>. London: Little, Brown.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C6B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102E8">Moore, T. E. (1988). The case against subliminal manipulation. <cite>Psychology and Marketing</cite>, <i>5</i>, 297–316.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C6D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102E9">Moore, T. H., Zammit, S., Lingford-Hughes, A., Barnes, T. R., Jones, P. B., Burke, M., &amp; Lewis, G. (2007). Cannabis use and risk of psychotic or affective mental health outcomes: A systematic review. <cite>Lancet</cite>, <i>370</i>, 293–294, 319–328.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C6F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102EA">Moore-Ede, M. C., Sulzman, F. M., &amp; Fuller, C. A. (1982). <cite>The clocks that time us</cite>. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C71" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102EB">Moorhead, G., Neck, C. P., &amp; West, M. S. (1998). The tendency toward defective decision making within self-managing teams: The relevance of groupthink for the 21st century. <cite>Organizational Behavior &amp; Human Decision Processes</cite>, <i>73</i>(2–3), 327–351.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C73" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102EC">Mora, G. (1985). History of psychiatry. In H. I. Kaplan &amp; B. J. Sadock (Eds.), <cite>Comprehensive textbook of psychiatry</cite> (pp. 2034–2054). Baltimore: Williams &amp; Wilkins.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C75" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102ED">Moreines, J. L., McClintock, S. M., Kelley, M. E., Holtzheimer, P. E., &amp; Mayberg, H. S. (2014). Neuropsychological function before and after subcallosal cingulate deep brain stimulation in patients with treatment-resistant depression. <cite>Depression and Anxiety</cite>, <i>31</i>(8), 690–698. doi: 10.1002/da.22263</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C77" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102EE">Moreland, R. L., &amp; Zajonc, R. B. (1982). Exposure effects in person perceptions: Familiarity, similarity, and attraction. <cite>Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</cite>, <i>18</i>(5), 395–415.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C79" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102EF">Morgan, C. A., Rasmusson, A., Pietrzak, R. H., Coric, V., Southwick, S. M. (2009). Relationships among plasma dehydroepiandrosterone and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, cortisol, symptoms of dissociation, and objective performance in humans exposed to underwater navigation stress. <cite>Biological Psychiatry</cite>, <i>66</i>(4), 334–340.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C7B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102F0">Morgan, C. D., &amp; Murray, H. A. (1935). A method for investigating fantasies: The Thematic Apperception Test. <cite>Archives of Neurology and Psychiatry</cite>, <i>34</i>, 298–306.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C7D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102F1">Morii, M., &amp; Sakagami, T. (2015). The effect of gaze-contingent stimulus elimination on preference judgments. <cite>Frontiers in Psychology</cite>, <i>6</i>, 1351.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C7F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102F2">Morin, C. M., Bootzin, R. R., Buysse, D. J., Edinger, J. D., Espie, C. A., &amp; Lichstein, K. L. (2006). Psychological and behavioral treatment of insomnia: Update of the recent evidence (1998–2004). <cite>Sleep</cite>, <i>29</i>(11), 1398–1414.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C81" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102F3">Morishima, Y., Schunk, D., Bruhin, A., Ruff, C. C., &amp; Fehr, E. (2012). Linking brain structure and activation in temporoparietal junction to explain the neurobiology of human altruism. <cite>Neuron</cite>, <i>75</i>(1), 73–79. doi: 10.1016/j.neuron.2012.05.021</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C83" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102F4">Morita, K., Morishima, M., Sakai, K., &amp; Kawaguchi, Y. (2013). Dopaminergic control of motivation and reinforcement learning: A closed-circuit account for reward-oriented behavior. <cite>The Journal of Neuroscience</cite>, <i>33</i>(20), 8866–8890.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C85" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102F5">Morris, H., &amp; Wallach, J. (2014). From PCP to MXE: A comprehensive review of the non-medical use of dissociative drugs. <cite>Drug Testing and Analysis</cite>, <i>6</i>(7–8), 614–632. doi: 10.1002/dta.1620. PMID 24678061</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C87" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102F6">Morris, J. S., Friston, K. J., Buche, L. C., Frith, C. D., Young, A. W., Calder, A. J., &amp; Dolan, R. J. (1998). A neuromodulatory role for the human amygdala in processing emotional facial expressions. <cite>Brain</cite>, <i>121</i>, 47–57.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C89" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102F7">Morris, M., Nisbett, R. E., &amp; Peng, K. (1995). Causal understanding across domains and cultures. In D. Sperber, D. Premack, &amp; A. J. Premack (Eds.), <cite>Causal cognition: A multidisciplinary debate</cite> (pp. 577–612). Oxford, UK: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C8B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102F8">Morris, M. W., &amp; Peng, K. (1994). Culture and cause: American and Chinese attributions social and physical events. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>67</i>, 949–971.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C8D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102F9">Morris, S. (2009, November 20). Devoted husband who strangled wife in his sleep walks free from court. Retrieved April 9, 2010, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.guardian.co.uk/uk/2009/nov/20/brian-thomas-dream-strangler-tragedy</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C8F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102FA">Morrow, C. E., Culbertson, J. L., Accornero, V. H., Xue, L., Anthony, J. C., &amp; Bandstra, E. S. (2006). Learning disabilities and intellectual functioning in school-aged children with prenatal cocaine exposure. <cite>Developmental Neuropsychology</cite>, <i>30</i>(3), 905–931.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C91" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102FB">Moruzzi, G., &amp; Magoun, H. W. (1949). Brainstem reticular formation and activation of the EEG. <cite>Electroencephalographs in Clinical Neurophysiology</cite>, <i>1</i>, 455–473.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C93" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102FC">Moscovici, S., &amp; Zavalloni, M. (1969). The group as a polarizer of attitudes. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite> <i>12</i>, 125–135.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C95" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102FD">Mostert, J. C., Shumskaya, E., Mennes, M., Onnink, A. M., Hoogman, M., Kan, C. C., . . . Norris, D. G. (2016). Characterising resting-state functional connectivity in a large sample of adults with ADHD. <cite>Progress in Neuro-Psychopharmacology &amp; Biological Psychiatry</cite>, <i>67</i>, 82–91. doi: 10.1016/j.pnpbp.2016.01.011</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C97" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102FE">Motraghi, T. E., Seim, R. W., Meyer, E. C., &amp; Morissette, S. B. (2014). Virtual reality exposure therapy for the treatment of posttraumatic stress disorder: A methodological review using consort guidelines. <cite style="font-style: normal;"><em>Journal of Clinical Psychology, 70</em>(3), 197–208</cite>. doi: 10.1002/jclp.22051</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C99" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000102FF">Mowat, F. (1988). <cite>Woman in the mists: The story of Dian Fossey and the mountain gorillas of Africa</cite>. New York: Warner Books.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C9B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010300">Mroczek, D. K., Spiro, A., &amp; Turiano, N. A. (2009). Do health behaviors explain the effect of neuroticism on mortality? Longitudinal findings from the VA Normative Aging Study. <cite>Journal of Research in Personality</cite>, <i>43</i>(4), 653.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C9D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010301">Mueller, K., Moller, H. E., Horstmann, A., Busse, F., Lepsien, J., Bluher, M., . . . Pleger, B. (2015). Physical exercise in overweight to obese individuals induces metabolic- and neurotrophic-related structural brain plasticity. <cite>Frontiers in Human Neuroscience</cite>, <i>9</i>, 372. doi: 10.3389/fnhum.2015.00372</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008C9F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010302">Mueser, K. T., Rosenberg, St. D., Xie, H., Jankowski, M. K., Bolton, E. E., Lu, E., . . . Wolfe, R. (2008). A randomized controlled trial of cognitive-behavioral treatment for posttraumatic stress disorder in severe mental illness. <cite>Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology</cite>, <i>76</i>(2), 259–271.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CA1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010303">Mufson, L. H., Dorta, K. P., Olfson, M., Weissman, M. M., &amp; Hoagwood, K. (2004). Effectiveness research: Transporting interpersonal psychotherapy for depressed adolescents (IPT-A) from the lab to school-based health clinics. <cite>Clinical Child and Family Psychology Review</cite>, <i>7</i>(4), 251–261.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CA3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010304">Muhlberger, A., Herrmann, M. J., Wiedemann, G. C., Ellgring. H., &amp; Pauli, P. (2001). Repeated exposure of flight phobics to flights in virtual reality. <cite>Behaviour Research and Therapy</cite>, <i>39</i>(9), 1033–1050.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CA5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010305">Mukamel, R., Ekstrom, A. D., Kaplan, J., Iacoboni, M., &amp; Fried, I. (2010). Single-neuron responses in humans during execution and observation of actions. <cite>Current Biology</cite>, <i>20</i>, 750–756.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CA7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010306">Muller-Oerlinghausen, B., Berghofer, A., &amp; Bauer, M. (2002). Bipolar disorder. <cite>Lancet</cite>, <i>359</i>, 241–247.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CA9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010307">Munoz, E., Sliwinski, M. J., Scott, S. B., &amp; Hofer, S. (2015). Global perceived stress predicts cognitive change among older adults. <cite>Psychology and Aging</cite>, <i>30</i>, 487–499.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CAB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010308">Münsterberg, H. (1908). <cite>On the witness stand</cite>. New York: Clark, Boardman.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CAD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010309">Münsterberg, H. (1913). <cite>Psychology and industrial efficiency</cite>. Boston &amp; New York: Houghton Mifflin.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CAF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001030A">Murayama, K., Matsumoto, M., Izuma, K., Sugiura, A., Ryan, R. M., Deci, E. L., &amp; Matsumoto, K. (2015). How self-determined choice facilitates performance: A key role of the ventromedial prefrontal cortex. <cite>Cerebral Cortex</cite>, <i>25</i>, 1241–1251. doi: 10.1093/cercor/bht317</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CB1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001030B">Murdock, B. B., Jr. (1962). The serial position effect in free recall. <cite>Journal of Experimental Psychology</cite>, <i>64</i>, 482–488.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CB3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001030C">Murphy, C. C., Boyle, C., Schendel, D., Decouflé, P., &amp; Yeargin-Allsopp, M. (1998). Epidemiology of mental retardation in children. <cite>Mental Retardation and Developmental Disabilities Research Reviews</cite>, <i>4</i>, 6–13.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CB5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001030D">Murphy, L. R. (1995). Managing job stress: An employee assistance/human resource management partnership. <cite>Personnel Review</cite>, <i>24</i>(1), 41–50.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CB7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001030E">Murray, S. L., Holmes, J. G., MacDonald, G., &amp; Ellsworth, P. C. (1998). Through the looking glass darkly? When self-doubts turn into relationship insecurities. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>75</i>, 1459–1480.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CB9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001030F">Muter, P. (1978). Recognition failure of recallable words in semantic memory. <cite>Memory &amp; Cognition</cite>, <i>6</i>(1), 9–12.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CBB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010310">Muthuraman, M., Fleischer, V., Kolber, P., Luessi, F., Zipp, F., &amp; Groppa, S. (2016). Structural brain network characteristics can differentiate CIS from early RRMS. <cite>Frontiers in Neuroscience</cite>, <i>10</i>, 14. doi: 10.3389/fnins.2016.00014</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CBD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010311">Muzur, A. (2014). The nature of bioethics revisited: A comment on Tomislav Bracanović. <cite>Developing World Bioethics</cite>, <i>14</i>: 109–110. doi: 10.1111/dewb.12008.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CBF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010312">Nadeau, K. G., Quinn, P., &amp; Littman, E. (2001). <cite>AD/HD self-rating scale for girls</cite>. Springfield, MD: Advantage Books.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CC1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010313">Nagahara, T., Saitoh, T., Kutsumura, N., Irukayama-Tomobe, Y., Ogawa, Y., Kuroda, D., . . . Nagase, H. (2015). Design and synthesis of non-peptide, selective orexin receptor 2 agonists. <cite>Journal of Medicinal Chemistry</cite>, <i>58</i>(20), 7931. doi: 10.1021/acs.jmedchem.5b00988</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CC3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010314">Nairne J. S. (2015). Adaptive memory: Novel findings acquired through forward engineering. In D. S. Lindsay, C. M. Kelley, A. P. Yonelinas, &amp; H. L. Roediger (Eds.). <cite>Remembering: Attributions, processes, and control in human memory</cite>. New York: Psychology Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CC5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010315">Naitoh, P., Kelly, T. L., &amp; Englund, C. E. (1989). <cite>Health effects of sleep deprivation</cite> (Naval Health Research Centre, Rep. No. 89–46), San Diego, CA: NHRC.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CC7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010316">Najavits, L. M. (2007). Psychosocial treatments for posttraumatic stress disorder. In P. E. Nathan &amp; J. M. Gorman (Eds.), <cite>A guide to treatments that work</cite> (3rd ed., pp. 513–530). New York: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CC9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010317">Naqvi, R., Liberman, D., Rosenberg, J., Alston, J., &amp; Straus, S. (2013). Preventing cognitive decline in healthy older adults. <cite>Canadian Medical Association Journal</cite>, <i>185</i>(10) 881–885,</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CCB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010318">Nasar, S. (1998). <cite>A beautiful mind: A biography of John Forbes Nash, Jr., winner of the Nobel Prize in economics 1994</cite>. New York: Simon &amp; Schuster.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CCD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010319">Nathan, P. E., &amp; Gorman, J. M. (2007). <cite>Psychosocial treatments for posttraumatic stress disorder</cite> (3rd ed.). New York: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CCF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001031A">National Academy of Neuropsychology. (May, 2001). NAN definition of a clinical neuropsychologist [Electronic version]. Retrieved April 13, 2010, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.nanonline.org/NAN/Files/PAIC/PDFs/NANPositionDefNeuro.pdf</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CD1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001031B">National Center for Health Statistics. (2015). Deaths: Final data for 2013. <cite>National Vital Statistics Report</cite>, <i>64</i>(2), 1–119. Hyattsville, MD. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">www.cdc.gov/<wbr />nchs/<wbr />data/<wbr />nvsr/<wbr />nvsr64/<wbr />nvsr64_02.pd</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CD3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001031C">National Collegiate Athletic Association (2002). 2002 NCAA graduation rates report. Retrieved September 21, 2007, from NCAA–The National Collegiate Athletic Association: The online resource for the National Collegiate Athletic Association Web site: <span class="url-obsolete">http://web1.ncaa.org/web_files/grad_rates/2002/index.html</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CD5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001031D">National Commission for the Protection of Human Subjects of Biomedical and Behavioral Research. (2006). Fetal viability and death: United States. Retrieved April 26, 2013, from <span class="url-obsolete">https://scholarworks.iupui.edu/bitstream/handle/1805/583/OS76–127_VII.pdf?sequence=1</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CD7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001031E">National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH). (2010). The numbers count: Mental disorders in America. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/publications/the-numbers-count-mental-disorders-in-america/index.shtml</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CD9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001031F">National Institute of Mental Health. (2013). Statistics. Retrieved May 14, 2013, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.nimh.nih.gov/statistics/index.shtml</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CDB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010320">National Institute of Mental Health. (2016). Statistics. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.nimh.nih.gov/statistics/index.shtml</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CDD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010321">National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH) Genetics Workgroup. (1998). <cite>Genetics and mental disorders</cite> (NIH Publication No. 98–4268). Rockville, MD: National Institute of Mental Health.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CDF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010322">National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke. (2015). NINDS sleep apnea information page. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.ninds.nih.gov/disorders/sleep_apnea/sleep_apnea.htm</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CE1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010323">National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism (NIAAA). (2016). Alcohol facts and statistics. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://pubs.niaaa.nih.gov/publications/AlcoholFacts&amp;Stats/AlcoholFacts&amp;Stats.htm</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CE3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010324">National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA). (2002). Research report series–Prescription drugs: Abuse and addiction. National Institutes of Health (NIH). Retrieved July 19, 2008, from <span class="url-obsolete">www.drugabuse.gov/<wbr />ResearchReports/<wbr />Prescription/<wbr />prescription5.html</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CE5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010325">National Institute on Drug Abuse. (2016). NIDA DrugFacts: Hallucinogens. Retrieved January 18 at <span class="url-obsolete">https://www.drugabuse.gov/publications/drugfacts/hallucinogens</span></p></li>


<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CE9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010327">National Institutes of Health; National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute. (2011). <cite>Your guide to healthy sleep</cite>. NIH Publication No. 06–5271.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CEB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010328">National Safety Council. (2015). Annual estimate of cell phone crashes 2013. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.nsc.org/DistractedDrivingDocuments/Cell-Phone-Estimate-Summary-2013.pdf</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CED" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010329">National Sleep Foundation. (2009). Can’t sleep? What to know about insomnia. Retrieved May 5, 2010, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.sleepfoundation.org/article/sleep-related-problems/insomnia-and-sleep</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CEF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001032A">Neale, M. C., Rushton, J. P., &amp; Fulker, D. W. (1986). The heritability of items from the Eysenck Personality Questionnaire. <cite>Personality and Individual Differences</cite>, <i>7</i>, 771–779.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CF1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001032B">Neary, N. M., Goldstone, A. P., &amp; Bloom, S. R. (2004). Appetite regulations: From the gut to the hypothalamus. <cite>Clinical Endocrinology</cite>, <i>60</i>(2), 153–160.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CF3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001032C">Ne’eman, R., Perach-Barzilay, N., Fischer-Shofty, M., Atias, A., &amp; Shamay-Tsoory, S. G. (2016). Intranasal administration of oxytocin increases human aggressive behavior. <cite>Hormones and Behavior</cite>. doi: <span class="url-obsolete">http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.yhbeh.2016.01.015</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CF5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001032D">Neimark, J. (1996). The diva of disclosure, memory researcher Elizabeth Loftus. <cite>Psychology Today</cite>, <i>29</i>(1), 48–80.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CF7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001032E">Neimeyer, R. A., &amp; Mitchell, K. A. (1998). Similarity and attraction: A longitudinal study. <cite>Journal of Social and Personality Relationships</cite>, <i>5</i>, 131–148.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CF9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001032F">Neisser, U. (1982). Snapshots or benchmarks? In U. Neisser (Ed.), <cite>Memory observed: Remembering in natural contexts</cite> (pp. 43–48). San Francisco: W. H. Freeman.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CFB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010330">Neisser, U., Boodoo, G., Bouchard, T. J., Boykin, A. W., Brody, N., Ceci, S. J., . . . Urbina, S. (1996). Intelligence: Knowns and unknowns. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>51</i>, 77–101.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CFD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010331">Neisser, U., &amp; Harsch, N. (1992). Phantom flashbulbs: False recollections of hearing the news about <cite>Challenger</cite>. In E. Winograd &amp; U. Neisser (Eds.), <cite>Affect and accuracy in recall: Studies of “flashbulb memories”</cite> (pp. 9–31). New York: Cambridge University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008CFF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010332">Nelson, C. A. (2011). Brain development and behavior. In A. M. Rudolph, C. Rudolph, L. First, G. Lister, &amp; A. A. Gershon (Eds.), <cite>Rudolph’s pediatrics</cite> (22nd ed.). New York: McGraw-Hill.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D01" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010333">Nelson, D. B., Hanlon, A. L., Wu, G., Liu, C., &amp; Fredricks, D. N. (2015). First trimester levels of BV-associated bacteria and risk of miscarriage among women early in pregnancy. <cite>Maternal and Child Health Journal</cite>, <i>19</i>(12), 2682–2687.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D03" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010334">Nelson, K. (1993). The psychological and social origins of autobiographical memory. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>4</i>, 7–14.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D05" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010335">Nelson, L. J., Padilla-Walker, L. M., Badger, S., Barry, C. M., Carroll, J., &amp; Madsen, S. (2008). Associations between shyness and internalizing behaviors, externalizing behaviors, and relationships during emerging adulthood. <cite>Journal of Youth and Adolescence</cite>, <i>37</i>, 605–615.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D07" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010336">Nestor, P. G., Kubicki, M., Niznikiewicz, M., Gurrera, R. J., McCarley, R. W., &amp; Shenton, M. E. (2008). Neuropsychological disturbance in schizophrenia: A diffusion tensor imaging study. <cite>Neuropsychology</cite>, <i>22</i>(2), 246–254.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D09" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010337">Neto, F. (1995). Conformity and independence revisited. <cite>Social Behavior and Personality</cite>, <i>23</i>(3), 217–222.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D0B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010338">Neumarker, K. (1997). Mortality and sudden death in anorexia nervosa. <cite>International Journal of Eating Disorders</cite>, <i>21</i>, 205–212.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D0D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010339">Neville, H. J., &amp; Bavelier, D. (2000). Specificity and plasticity in neurocognitive development in humans. In M. S. Gazzaniga (Ed.), <cite>The New Cognitive Neurosciences</cite> (2nd ed., pp. 83–99). Cambridge, MA: MIT Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D0F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001033A">Ng, M., Fleming, T., Robinson, M., Thomson, B., Graetz, N., Margono, C., . . . &amp; Gakidou, E. (2014). Global, regional, and national prevalence of overweight and obesity in children and adults during 1980–2013: A systematic analysis for the Global Burden of Disease Study 2013. <cite>The Lancet</cite>, <i>384</i>(9945), 766–781.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D11" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001033B">Ngun, T. C., &amp; Vilain, E. (2014). The biological basis of human sexual orientation: Is there a role for epigenetics? <cite>Advances in Genetics</cite>, <i>86</i>, 167–184. doi: 10.1016/B978–0-12–800222-3.00008–5</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D13" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001033C">Nicholson, N., Cole, S., &amp; Rocklin, T. (1985). Conformity in the Asch situation: A comparison between contemporary British and U.S. students. <cite>British Journal of Social Psychology</cite>, <i>24</i>, 59–63.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D15" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001033D">Nickell, J. 1995. Crop circle mania wanes: An investigative update. <cite>Skeptical Inquirer</cite>, <i>19</i>(3), 41–43.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D17" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001033E">Nickerson, R. S., &amp; Adams, J. J. (1979). Long-term memory for a common object. <cite>Cognitive Psychology</cite>, <i>11</i>, 287–307.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D19" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001033F">Niedermeyer, E. (2005). Historical aspects. In E. Niedermeyer &amp; F. Lopes da Silva (Eds.), <cite>Electroencephalography: Basic principles, clinical applications, and related fields</cite> (5th ed., pp. 1–15). Philadelphia: Lippincott, Williams &amp; Wilkins.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D1B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010340">Nielsen, M., Suddendorf, T., &amp; Slaughter, V. (2006). Mirror self-recognition beyond the face. <cite>Child Development</cite>, <i>77</i>(1), 176–185. doi: 10.1111/j.1467–8624.2006.00863.x</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D1D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010341">Nieto, F., Young, T. B., Lind, B. K., Shahar, E., Samet, J. M., Redline, S., . . . Pickering, T. G. (2000). Association of sleep-disordered breathing, sleep apnea, and hypertension in a large, community-based study. <cite>Journal of the American Medical Association</cite>, <i>283</i>(14), 1829–1836.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D1F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010342">Nievar, M. A., Moske, A. K., Johnson, D. J., &amp; Chen, Q. (2015). Parenting practices in preschool leading to later cognitive competencies: A family stress model. <cite>Early Education and Development</cite>, <i>25</i>, 318–337.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D21" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010343">Nigg, J. T. (2006). <cite>What causes ADHD? Understanding what goes wrong and why</cite>. New York, NY: The Guilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D23" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010344">Nigg, J. T. (2010). Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: Endophenotypes, structure, and etiological pathways. <cite>Current Directions in Psychological Science</cite>, <i>19</i>(1), 24–29.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D25" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010345">Nigg, J. T., Elmore, A. L., Natarajan, N., Friderici, K. H., &amp; Nikolas, M. A. (2016). Variation in an iron metabolism gene moderates the association between blood lead levels and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in children. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>27</i>(2), 257–269. doi: 10.1177/0956797615618365</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D27" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010346">Nihei, Y., Takahashi, K., Koto, A., Mihara, B., Morita, Y., Isozumi, K., . . . Suzuki, N. (2012). REM sleep behavior disorder in Japanese patients with Parkinson’s disease: A multicenter study using the REM sleep behavior disorder screening questionnaire. <cite>Journal of Neurology</cite>, <i>259</i>(8), 1606–1612.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D29" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010347">Nijenhuis, E. R. (2000). Somatoform dissociation: Major symptoms of dissociative disorders. <cite>Journal of Trauma and Dissociation</cite>, <i>1</i>(4), 7–29.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D2B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010348">Nikolajsen, L., &amp; Jensen, T. S. (2001). Phantom limb pain. <cite>British Journal of Anaesthesia</cite>, <i>87</i>, 107–116.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D2D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010349">Nisbett, R. E. (1972). Hunger, obesity, and the ventromedial hypothalamus. <cite>Psychological Review</cite>, <i>79</i>, 433–453.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D2F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001034A">Nisbett, R. E., Aronson, J., Blair, C., Dickens, W., Flynn, J., Halpern, D. F., &amp; Turkheimer, E. (2012). Intelligence: New findings and theoretical developments. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>67</i>(2), 130–159. doi: 10.1037/a0026699</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D31" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001034B">Nitsche, M. A., Boggio, P. S., Fregni, F., &amp; Pascual-Leone, A. (2009). Treatment of depression with transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS): A review. <cite>Experimental Neurology</cite>, <i>219</i>(1), 14–19.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D33" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001034C">Nokia, M. S., Lensu, S., Ahtiainen, J. P., Johansson, P. P., Koch, L. G., Britton, S. L., &amp; Kainulainen, H. (2016). Physical exercise increases adult hippocampal neurogenesis in male rats provided it is aerobic and sustained. <cite>Journal of Physiology</cite>. doi: 10.1113/JP271552</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D35" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001034D">Nolen-Hoeksema, S. (1990). <cite>Sex differences in depression</cite>. Palo Alto, CA: Stanford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D37" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001034E">Nolen-Hoeksema, S. (2012). Emotion regulation and psychopathology: The role of gender. <cite>Annual Review of Clinical Psychology</cite>, <i>8</i>, 161–187. doi: 10.1146/annurev-clinpsy-032511–143109</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D39" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001034F">Nooyens, A. C. J., Baan, C. A., Spijkerman, A. M. W., &amp; Verschuren, W. M. M. (2010). <cite>Type 2 diabetes mellitus and cognitive decline in middle-aged men and women–The Doetinchem Cohort Study</cite>. American Diabetes Association: Diabetes Care.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D3B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010350">Norcross, J. C. (2005). A primer on psychotherapy integration. In J. C. Norcross &amp; M. R. Goldfried (Eds.), <cite>Handbook of psychotherapy integration</cite> (2nd ed., pp. 3–23). New York, Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D3D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010351">Nordenskjold, A., von Knorring, L., &amp; Engstrom, I. (2011). Predictors of time to relapse/recurrence after electroconvulsive therapy in patients with major depressive disorder: A population-based cohort study. <cite>Depression Research and Treatment, 2011</cite>, 470985. doi: 10.1155/2011/470985</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D3F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010352">Norenzayan, A., Choi, I., &amp; Nisbett, R. E. (1999). Eastern and Western perceptions of causality for social behavior: Lay theories about personalities and situations. In D. A. Prentice &amp; D. T. Miller (Eds.), <cite>Cultural divides</cite> (pp. 239–272). New York: Russell Sage Foundation.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D41" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010353">Norrbrink Budh, C., Lund, I., Hultling, C., Levi, R., Werhagen, L., Ertzgaard, P., &amp; Lundeberg, T. (2003). Gender-related differences in pain in spinal cord injured individuals. <cite>Spinal Cord</cite>, <i>41</i>, 122–128.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D43" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010354">Nosek, B. A., Greenwald, A. G., &amp; Banaji, M. R. (2007). The Implicit Association Test at age 7: A methodological and conceptual review. In J. A. Bargh (Ed.), <cite>Automatic processes in social thinking and behavior</cite> (pp. 265–292). New York: Psychology Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D45" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010355">Nosek, B. A., Spies, J. R., &amp; Motyl, M. (2012). Scientific utopia: Ii. Restructuring incentives and practices to promote truth over publishability. <cite>Perspectives on Psychological Science</cite>, <i>7</i>(6), 615–631. doi: 10.1177/1745691612459058</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D47" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010356">Nosich, G. M. (2008). <cite>Learning to think things through: A guide to critical thinking across the curriculum</cite> (3rd ed., pp. 2–16). Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D49" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010357">Novak, J. D. (1995). Concept maps to facilitate teaching and learning. <cite>Prospects</cite>, <i>25</i>, 95–11.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D4B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010358">Novak, M., Björck, L., Giang, K. W., Heden-Ståhl, C., Wilhelmsen, L., &amp; Rosengren, A. (2013). Perceived stress and incidence of Type 2 diabetes: A 35-year follow-up study of middle-aged Swedish men. <cite>Diabetic Medicine</cite>, <i>30</i>(1), e8. doi: 10–1111/dme.12037</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D4D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010359">Novella, S. (2007, November/December). The Anti-Vaccination Movement. <cite>Skeptical Inquirer</cite>. Retrieved May 21, 2010, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.csicop.org/si/show/anti-vaccination_movement/www.guardian.co.uk/science/2007/feb/24/badscience.uknews</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D4F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001035A">Novotney, A. (2013, March). I/O psychology goes to Mars. <cite>Monitor on Psychology</cite>, <i>44</i>(3), 38.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D51" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001035B">Nussbaum, A. D., &amp; Dweck, C. S. (2008). Defensiveness vs. remediation: Self-theories and modes of self-esteem maintenance. <cite>Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</cite>, <i>34</i>, 599–612.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D53" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001035C">Nuttin, B., Wu, H., Mayberg, H., Hariz, M., Gabriels, L., Galert, T., . . . Schlaepfer, T. (2014). Consensus on guidelines for stereotactic neurosurgery for psychiatric disorders. <cite>Journal of Neurology, Neurosurgery, &amp; Psychiatry</cite>, <i>85</i>(9), 1003–1008. doi: 10.1136/jnnp-2013–306580</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D55" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001035D">Nyberg, L., &amp; Tulving, E. (1996). Classifying human long-term memory: Evidence from converging dissociations. <cite>European Journal of Cognitive Psychology</cite>, <i>8</i>(2), 163–183.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D57" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001035E">Oberman, L. M., &amp; Ramachandran, V. S. (2007). The simulating social mind: The role of simulation in the social and communicative deficits of autism spectrum disorders, <cite>Psychological Bulletin</cite>, <i>133</i>, 310–327.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D59" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001035F">Ocholla-Ayayo, A. B. C., Wekesa, J. M., &amp; Ottieno, J. A. M. (1993). <cite>Adolescent pregnancy and its implications among ethnic groups in Kenya</cite>. In International Population Conference, Montreal, Canada: International Union for the Scientific Study of Population, <i>1:</i> 381–395.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D5B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010360">Ochsner, K., &amp; Kosslyn, S. M. (1994). Mental imagery. In V. S. Ramaschandran (Ed.), <cite>Encyclopedia of human behavior</cite>. New York: Academic Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D5D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010361">Ocklenburg, S., Beste, C., &amp; Gunturkun, O. (2013). Handedness: A neurogenetic shift of perspective. <cite>Neuroscience and Biobehavioral Reviews</cite>, <i>37</i>(10 Pt 2), 2788–2793. doi: 10.1016/j.neubiorev.2013.09.014</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D5F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010362">O’Connor, R. D. (1972). Relative efficacy of modeling, shaping, and the combined procedures for modification of social withdrawal. <cite>Journal of Abnormal Psychology</cite>, <i>79</i>, 327–334.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D61" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010363">Offit, P. A., &amp; Bell, L. M. (1998). <cite>What every parent should know about vaccines</cite>. New York: Macmillan.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D63" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010364">Ogden, C. L., Carroll, M. D., Kit, B. K., &amp; Flegal, K. (2014). Prevalence of childhood and adult obesity in the United States, 2011–2012. <cite>The Journal of the American Medical Association</cite>, <i>311</i>(8), 806–814.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D65" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010365">Ohayon, M. M., Priest, R. G., Caulet, M., &amp; Guilleminault, C. (1996). Hypnagogic and hypnopompic hallucinations: pathological phenomena? <cite>British Journal of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>169</i>, 459–67.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D67" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010366">Öhman, A. (2008). Fear and anxiety. In M. Lewis, J. M. Haviland-Jones &amp; L. F. Barrett (Eds.), <cite>Handbook of emotion</cite> (3rd ed., pp. 709–729). New York: Guiford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D69" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010367">Okami, P., &amp; Shackelford, T. K. (2001). Human sex differences in sexual psychology and behavior. <cite>Annual Review of Sex Research</cite>, <i>12</i>, 186–241.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D6B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010368">O’Keefe, D. J. (2009). Theories of persuasion. In R. L. Nabi &amp; M. B. Oliver (Eds.), <cite>The Sage handbook of media processes and effects</cite> (pp. 277–278). Los Angeles: Sage.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D6D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010369">Olin, B. R., (Ed.). (1993). Central nervous system drugs, sedatives and hypnotics, barbiturates. In <cite>Facts and comparisons drug information</cite> (pp. 1398–1413). St. Louis, MO: Facts and Comparisons.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D6F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001036A">Oliver, J. E. (1993). Intergenerational transmission of child abuse: Rates, research, and clinical interpretations. <cite>American Journal of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>150</i>, 1315–1324.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D71" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001036B">Ollendick, T. H., &amp; King, N. J. (1998). Empirically supported treatments for children with phobic and anxiety disorders: Current status. <cite>Journal of Clinical Child Psychology</cite>, <i>27</i>(2), 156–167.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D73" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001036C">Olsen, P. (1975). <cite>Emotional flooding</cite>. Baltimore, MD: Penguin Books.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D75" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001036D">Olson, H. C., &amp; Burgess, D. M. (1997). Early intervention for children prenatally exposed to alcohol and other drugs. In M. J. Guralnick (Ed.), <cite>The effectiveness of early intervention</cite> (pp. 109–146). Baltimore: Brookes.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D77" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001036E">Olulade, O. A., Jamal, N. I., Koo, D. S., Perfetti, C. A., LaSasso, C., &amp; Eden, G. F. (2015). Neuroanatomical evidence in support of the bilingual advantage theory. <cite>Cerebral Cortex</cite>. doi: 10.1093/cercor/bhv152</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D79" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001036F">Olver, J. S., Pinney, M., Maruff, P., &amp; Norman, T. R. (2015). Impairments of spatial working memory and attention following acute psychosocial stress. <cite>Stress and Health</cite>, <i>31</i>, 115–123.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D7B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010370">Oman, C. M. (1990). Motion sickness: A synthesis and evaluation of the sensory conflict theory. <cite>Canadian Journal of Physiological Pharmacology</cite>, <i>68</i>, 294–303.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D7D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010371">Onken, L. S., Blaine, J. D., &amp; Battjes, R. J. (1997). Behavioral therapy research: A conceptualization of a process. In S. W. Henggeler &amp; A. B. Santos (Eds.), <cite>Innovative approaches for difficult-to-treat populations</cite> (pp. 477–485). Washington, DC: American Psychiatric Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D7F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010372">Open Science Collaboration. (2015). Estimating the reproducibility of psychological science. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>349</i>(6251): aac4716. doi: 10.1126/science.aac4716</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D81" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010373">Ophir, E., Nass, C., &amp; Wagner, A. D. (2009). Cognitive control in media multitaskers. <cite>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America</cite>, <i>106</i>(37): 15583–15587.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D83" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010374">Osborne, J. W. (2007). Linking stereotype threat and anxiety. <cite>Educational Psychology</cite>, <i>27</i>, 135–154.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D85" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010375">Osshera, L., Flegala, K. E., &amp; Lustiga, C. (2012). Everyday memory errors in older adults. <cite>Aging, Neuropsychology, and Cognition</cite>, <i>20</i>(2), 220–242. doi: 10.1080/13825585.2012.690365</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D87" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010376">Oster, J. R. (1987). The binge-purge syndrome: A common albeit unappreciated cause of acid-base and fluid-electrolyte disturbances. <cite>Southern Medical Journal</cite>, <i>80</i>, 58–67.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D89" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010377">Österman, K., Björkqvist, K., &amp; Wahlbeck, K. (2014). Twenty-eight years after the complete ban on the physical punishment of children in Finland: Trends and psychosocial concomitants. <cite>Aggressive Behavior</cite>, <i>40</i>(6), 568–581.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D8B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010378">Oswald, I. (1959). Sudden bodily jerks on falling asleep. <cite>Brain</cite>, <i>82</i>, 92–103.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D8D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010379">Ottaway, N., Mahbod, P., Rivero, B., Norman, L. A., Gertler, A., D’Alessio, D. A., &amp; Perez-Tilve, D. (2015). Diet-induced obese mice retain endogenous leptin action. <cite>Cell Metabolism</cite>, <i>21</i>(6), 877–882.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D8F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001037A">Oudiette, D., Antony, J. W., Creery, J. D., &amp; Paller, K. A. (2013). The role of memory reactivation during wakefulness and sleep in determining which memories endure. <cite>Journal of Neuroscience</cite>, <i>33</i>(15), 6672. doi: 10.1523/JNEUROSCI.5497–12.2013</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D91" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001037B">Overeem, S., Mignot, E., Gert van Dijk, J., &amp; Lammers, G. J. (2001). Narcolepsy: Clinical features, new pathophysiological insights, and future perspectives. <cite>Journal of Clinical Neurophysiology</cite>, <i>18</i>(2), 78–105.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D93" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001037C">Overmier, J. B., &amp; Seligman, M. E. P. (1967). Effects of inescapable shock on subsequent escape and avoidance behavior. <cite>Journal of Comparative Physiology and Psychology</cite>, <i>63</i>, 23–33.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D95" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001037D">Owen, A. M., Hampshire, A., Grahn, J. A., Stenton, R., Dajani, S., Burns, A. S., . . . Ballard, C. G. (2010). Putting brain training to the test. <em>N</em><cite style="font-style: normal;"><em>ature, 456</em>(7299), 775–778</cite>. doi: 10.1038/nature09042</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D97" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001037E">Owen, M. T., Easterbrooks, M. A., Chase-Lansdale, L., &amp; Goldberg, W. A. (1984). The relation between maternal employment status and the stability of attachments to mother and to father. <cite>Child Development</cite>, <i>55</i>, 1894–1901.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D99" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001037F">Ozer, D. J., &amp; Benet-Martinez, V. (2006). Personality and the prediction of consequential outcomes. <cite>Annual Review of Psychology</cite>, <i>57</i>, 401–421. doi: 10.1146/annurev.psych.57.102904.190127</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D9B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010380">Paap, K. R. (2014). The role of componential analysis, categorical hypothesising, replicability and confirmation bias in testing for bilingual advantages in executive functioning. <cite>Journal of Cognitive Psychology</cite>, <i>26</i>(3), 242–255. doi: 10.1080/20445911.2014.891597</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D9D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010381">Paap, K. R., &amp; Greenberg, Z. I. (2013). There is no coherent evidence for a bilingual advantage in executive processing. <cite>Cognitive Psychology, 66</cite>, 232–258. doi: 10.1016/j.cogpsych.2012.12.002</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008D9F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010382">Paap, K. R., Johnson, H. A., &amp; Sawi, O. (2014). Are bilingual advantages dependent upon specific tasks or specific bilingual experiences? <cite>Journal of Cognitive Psychology</cite>, <i>26</i>(6), 615–639. doi: 10.1080/20445911.2014.944914</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DA1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010383">Palacios-Ceña, D., Carrasco-Garrido, P., Hernandez-Barrera, V., Alonso-Blanco, C., Jiménez-Garcia, R., &amp; Fernández-de-Las-Peñas, C. (2011). Sexual behaviors among older adults in Spain: Results form a population-based national sexual health survey. <cite>Journal of Sexual Medicine</cite>, <i>9</i>(1), 121–129.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DA3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010384">Palmatier, J. J., &amp; Rovner, L. (2015). Credibility assessment: Preliminary process theory, the polygraph process, and construct validity. <cite>International Journal of Psychophysiology</cite>, <i>95</i>(1), 3–13.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DA5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010385">Palmer, S. E. (1992). Common region: A new principle of perceptual grouping. <cite>Cognitive Psychology</cite>, <i>24</i>(3), 436–447.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DA7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010386">Palva, J. M., Monto, S., Kulashekhar, S., &amp; Palva, S. (2010). Neuronal synchrony reveals working memory networks and predicts individual memory capacity. <cite>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, USA</cite>, <i>107</i>(16), 7580–7585.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DA9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010387">Pan, A. S. (2000). Body image, eating attitudes, and eating behaviors among Chinese, Chinese-American and non-Hispanic White women. <cite>Dissertation Abstracts International, Section B: The Sciences and Engineering</cite>, <i>61</i>(1–B), 544.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DAB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010388">Pan, H., Guo, J., &amp; Su, Z. (2014). Advances in understanding the interrelations between leptin resistance and obesity. <cite>Physiology &amp; Behavior</cite> <i>130</i>, 157–169.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DAD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010389">Pant, H., McCabe, B. J., Deskovitz, M. A., Weed, N. C., &amp; Williams, J. E. (2014). Diagnostic reliability of MMPI-2 computer-based test interpretations. <cite>Psychological Assessment</cite>, <i>26</i>(3), 916–924. doi: 10.1037/a0036469</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DAF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001038A">Paparelli, A., Di Forti, M., Morrison, P. D., &amp; Murray, R. M. (2011). Drug-induced psychosis: How to avoid star gazing in schizophrenia research by looking at more obvious sources of light. <cite>Frontiers in Behavioral Neuroscience</cite>, <i>5</i>: 1. doi: 10.3389/fnbeh.2011.00001</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DB1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001038B">Parent, A., Teilmann, G., Juul, A., Skakkebaek, N. E., Toppari, J., &amp; Bourguignon, J. P. (2003). The timing of normal puberty and age limits of sexual precocity: Variations around the world, secular trends, and changes after migration. <cite>Endocrine Reviews</cite>, <i>24</i>(5), 668–693.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DB3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001038C">Pargament, K. I. (1997). <cite>The psychology of religion and coping: Theory, research, and practice</cite>. New York: Guilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DB5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001038D">Park, J., Turnbull, A. P., &amp; Turnbull, H. R. (2002). Impacts of poverty on quality of life in families of children with disabilities. <cite>Exceptional Children</cite>, <i>68</i>, 151–170.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DB7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001038E">Parkes, C. M., Laungani, P., &amp; Young, W. (1997). <cite>Death and bereavement across cultures.</cite> Routledge: New York.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DB9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001038F">Parkinson, W. L., &amp; Weingarten, H. P. (1990). Dissociative analysis of ventromedial hypothalamic obesity syndrome. <cite>American Journal of Physiology: Regulatory, Integrative, and Comparative Physiology</cite>, <i>259</i>, R829–R835.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DBB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010390">Parsons, H. M. (1992). Hawthorne: An early OBM experiment. <cite>Journal of Organizational Behavior Management</cite>, <i>12</i>(1), 27–43.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DBD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010391">Partnership for Drug-Free Kids. (2014). The medicine abuse project: 2014 report. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://medicineabuseproject.org/assets/documents/MAP_2014_Report_final.pdf</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DBF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010392">Partonen, T., &amp; Lonnqvist, J. (1998). Seasonal affective disorder. <cite>Lancet</cite>, <i>352</i>(9137), 1369–1374.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DC1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010393">Pashkow, F. J. (2011). Oxidative stress and inflammation in heart disease: Do antioxidants have a role in treatment and/or prevention? International Journal of Inflammation, 2011, Article ID 514623.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DC3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010394">Patel, A., Yamashita, N., Ascaño, M., Bodmer, D., Boehm, E., Bodkin-Clarke, C., . . . Kuruvilla, R. (2015). RCAN1 links impaired neurotrophin trafficking to aberrant development of the sympathetic nervous system in Down syndrome. <cite>Nature Communications</cite>, <i>6</i>, 10119.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DC5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010395">Paul, B. M., ElvevÅg, B., Bokat, C. E., Weinberger, D. R., &amp; Goldberg, T. E. (2005). Levels of processing effects on recognition memory in patients with schizophrenia. <cite>Schizophrenia Research</cite>, <i>74</i>(1), 101–110.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DC7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010396">Pavlov, I. P. (1906). The scientific investigation of the psychical faculties or processes in the higher animals. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>24</i>, 613–619.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DC9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010397">Pavlov, I. P. (1926). <cite>Conditioned reflexes</cite>. London: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DCB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010398">Pavlov, I. P. (1927). <cite>Conditioned Reflexes: An Investigation of the Physiological Activity of the Cerebral Cortex. Translated and Edited by G. V. Anrep</cite>. London: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DCD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010399">Peever, J., Luppi, P.-H., &amp; Montplaisir, J. (2014). Breakdown in REM sleep circuitry underlies REM sleep behavior disorder. <cite>Trends in Neurosciences, 37</cite>(5), 279–288. doi: 10.1016/j.tins.2014.02.009</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DCF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001039A">Peng, K., Ames, D. R., &amp; Knowles, E. D. (2000). Culture and human inference: Perspectives from three traditions. In D. Matsumoto (Ed.) (2001). <cite>The handbook of culture and psychology</cite> (pp. 245–264). New York: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DD1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001039B">Peng, L., Verkhratsky, A., Gu, L., &amp; Li, B. (2015). Targeting astrocytes in major depression. <cite>Expert Review of Neurotherapeutics</cite>, <i>1–8</i>. doi: 10.1586/14737175.2015.1095094</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DD3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001039C">Pennsylvania State University. (2014). Why plagiarism is wrong. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://tlt.psu.edu/plagiarism/student-tutorial/why-plagiarism-is-wrong/</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DD5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001039D">Peplau, L. A., &amp; Fingerhut, A. W. (2007). The close relationships of lesbians and gay men. <cite>Annual Review of Psychology</cite>, <i>58</i>, 10.1–10.20.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DD7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001039E">Peplau, L. A., &amp; Taylor, S. E. (1997). <cite>Sociocultural perspectives in social psychology: Current readings</cite>. Upper Saddle River, NJ: Prentice-Hall.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DD9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001039F">Pepperberg, I. M. (1998). Talking with Alex: Logic and speech in parrots. <cite>Scientific American Presents: Exploring Intelligence</cite>, <i>9</i>(4), 60–65.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DDB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103A0">Pepperberg, I. M. (2007). Grey parrots do not always “parrot”: The roles of imitation and phonological awareness in the creation of new labels from existing vocalizations. <cite>Language Sciences</cite>, <i>29</i>(1), 1–13.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DDD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103A1">Perls, F. (1951). <cite>Gestalt therapy</cite>. New York: Julian Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DDF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103A2">Perls, F. (1969). <cite>Gestalt therapy verbatim</cite>. Moab, UT: Real People Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DE1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103A3">Perrin, S., &amp; Spencer, C. (1980). The Asch effect–A child of its time. <cite>Bulletin of the British Psychological Society</cite>, <i>33</i>, 405–406.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DE3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103A4">Perrin, S., Spencer, C. P. (1981). Independence or conformity in the Asch experiment as a reflection of cultural and situational factors. <cite>British Journal of Social Psychology</cite>, <i>20</i>(3), 205–209.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DE5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103A5">Perrine, D. M. (1997). <cite>The chemistry of mind-altering drugs</cite>. Washington, DC: American Chemical Society.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DE7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103A6">Perry, W. G., Jr. (1970). <cite>Forms of intellectual and ethical development in the college years: A scheme</cite>. New York: Holt, Rinehart, and Winston.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DE9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103A7">Peters, W. A. (1971). <cite>A class divided</cite>. Garden City, NY: Doubleday.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DEB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103A8">Peterson, C., &amp; Park, N. (2010). What happened to self-actualization? <cite>Perspectives on Psychological Science</cite>, <i>5</i>(3), 320–322.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DED" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103A9">Peterson, D. R. (1976). Need for the doctor of psychology degree in professional psychology. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>31</i>, 792–798.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DEF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103AA">Peterson, D. R. (1982). Origins and development of the Doctor of Psychology concept. In G. R. Caddy, D. C. Rimm, N. Watson, &amp; J. H. Johnson (Eds.), <cite>Educating professional psychologists</cite> (pp. 19–38). New Brunswick, NJ: Transaction Books.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DF1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103AB">Peterson, L. R., &amp; Peterson, M. J. (1959). Short-term retention of individual items. <cite>Journal of Experimental Psychology</cite>, <i>58</i>, 193–198.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DF3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103AC">Petersen, R. (2015). Can exercise prevent memory loss and improve cognitive function? <cite>Mayo Clinic: Diseases and Conditions: Alzheimer’s Disease</cite>. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/alzheimers-disease/expert-answers/alzheimers-disease/faq-20057881</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DF5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103AD">Petit, D., Pennestri, M. H., Paquet, J., Desautels, A., Zadra, A., Vitaro, F., . . . Montplaisir, J. (2015). Childhood sleepwalking and sleep terrors: A longitudinal study of prevalence and familial aggregation. <cite>JAMA Pediatrics</cite>, <i>169</i>(7), 653–658. doi: 10.1001/jamapediatrics.2015.127</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DF7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103AE">Petitto, L. A., Holowka, S., Sergio, L. E., &amp; Ostry, D. (2001). Language rhythms in baby hand movements. <cite>Nature</cite>, <i>413</i>, 35.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DF9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103AF">Petitto, L. A., &amp; Marentette, P. F. (1991). Babbling in the manual mode: Evidence for the ontogeny of language. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>251</i>, 1493–1496.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DFB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103B0">Petri, H. (1996). <cite>Motivation: Theory, research and application</cite> (4th ed.), Belmont, CA: Wadsworth.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DFD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103B1">Petrides, G., Tobias, K. G., Kellner, C. H., &amp; Rudorfer, M. V. (2011). Continuation and maintenance electroconvulsive therapy for mood disorders: A review of the literature. <cite>Neuropsychobiology</cite>, <i>64</i>(3), 129–140. doi: 10.1159/000328943</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008DFF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103B2">Petrova, P. K., Cialdini, R. B., &amp; Sills S., J. (2007). Compliance, consistency, and culture: Personal consistency and compliance across cultures. <cite>Journal of Experimental Social Psychology</cite> <i>43</i>: 104–111.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E01" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103B3">Pettigrew, T. F., &amp; Tropp, L. R. (2000). Does intergroup contact reduce prejudice? Recent meta-analytic findings. In S. Oskamp (Ed.), <cite>Reducing prejudice and discrimination: Social psychological perspectives</cite> (pp. 93–114). Mahwah, NJ: Erlbaum.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E03" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103B4">Petty, R., &amp; Cacioppo, J. (1986). <cite>Communication and persuasion: Central and peripheral routes to attitude change</cite>. New York: Springer-Verlag.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E05" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103B5">Petty, R., &amp; Cacioppo, J. (1996). <cite>Attitudes and persuasion: Classic and contemporary approaches</cite> (Reprint). Boulder, CO: Westview Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E07" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103B6">Petty, R. E. (1995). Attitude change. In A. Tesser (Ed.), <cite>Advances in social psychology</cite> (pp. 194–255). New York: McGraw-Hill.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E09" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103B7">Petty, R. E., &amp; Briñol, P. (2015). Processes of social influence through attitude change. In E. Borgida &amp; J. Bargh (Eds.), APA handbook of personality and social psychology (Vol. 1), Attitudes and social cognition (pp. 509–545). Washington, DC: APA Books.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E0B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103B8">Petty, R. E., Wheeler, S. C., &amp; Tormala, Z. L. (2003). Persuasion and attitude change. In T. Millon &amp; M. J. Lerner (Eds.), <cite>Handbook of psychology: Volume 5: Personality and social psychology</cite> (pp. 353–382). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley &amp; Sons.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E0D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103B9">Pew Research Center. (2013). <cite>The global divide on homosexuality</cite>. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.pewglobal.org/files/2013/06/Pew-Global-Attitudes-Homosexuality-Report-FINAL-JUNE-4–2013.pdf</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E0F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103BA">Pezdek, K., Finger, K., &amp; Hodge, D. (1997). Planting false childhood memories: The role of event plausibility. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>8</i>, 437–441</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E11" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103BB">Pezdek, K., &amp; Hodge, D. (1999). Planting false childhood memories in children: The role of event plausibility. <cite>Child Development</cite>, <i>70</i>, 887–895.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E13" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103BC">Pfeiffer, W. M. (1982). Culture-bound syndromes. In I. Al-Issa (Ed.), <cite>Culture and psychopathology</cite> (pp. 201–218). Baltimore: University Park Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E15" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103BD">Phan, T., &amp; Silove, D. (1999). An overview of indigenous descriptions of mental phenomena and the range of traditional healing practices amongst the Vietnamese. <cite>Transcultural Psychiatry</cite>, <i>36</i>, 79–94.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E17" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103BE">Piaget, J. (1926). <cite>The language and thought of the child</cite>. New York: Harcourt Brace.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E19" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103BF">Piaget, J. (1952). <cite>The origins of intelligence in children</cite>. New York: W. W. Norton.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E1B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103C0">Piaget, J. (1962). <cite>Play, dreams and imitation in childhood</cite>. New York: W. W. Norton.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E1D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103C1">Piaget, J. (1983). Piaget’s theory. In W. Kessen (Ed.), <cite>Handbook of child psychology: Volume 1. Theoretical models of human development</cite> (pp. 103–128). New York: Wiley.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E1F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103C2">Pilkington, J. (1998). “Don’t try and make out that I’m nice”: The different strategies women and men use when gossiping. In J. Coates (Ed.), <cite>Language and gender: A reader</cite> (pp. 254–269). Oxford, UK: Blackwell.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E21" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103C3">Pilon, M., Montplaisir, J., &amp; Zadra, A. (2008). Precipitating factors of somnambulism: Impact of sleep deprivation and forced arousals. <cite>Neurology</cite>, <i>70</i>: 2284–90.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E23" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103C4">Pinker, S. (1995). Language acquisition. In Gleitman et al. (Eds.), <cite>An invitation to cognitive science</cite> (2nd ed., pp. 135–182). Cambridge, MA: MIT Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E25" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103C5">Pinker, S., &amp; Bloom, P. (1990). Natural language and natural selection. <cite>Behavioral and Brain Sciences</cite>, <i>13</i>(4), 707–784.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E27" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103C6">Pinsof, W. M., &amp; Wynne, L. C. (1995). The efficacy of marital and family therapy: An empirical overview, conclusions, and recommendations. <cite>Journal of Marital and Family Therapy</cite>, <i>21</i>, 585–613.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E29" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103C7">Pittenger, D. J. (2005). Cautionary comments regarding the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator. <cite>Consulting Psychology Journal: Practice and Research</cite>, <i>57</i>(3), 210–221. doi: 10.1037/1065–9293.57.3.210</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E2B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103C8">Plaks, J. E, Grant, H., &amp; Dweck, C. S. (2005). Violations of implicit theories and the sense of prediction and control: Implications for motivated person perception. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>88</i>, 245–262.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E2D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103C9">Plaut, D. C., &amp; McClelland, J. L. (2010). Locating object knowledge in the brain: A critique of Bowers’ (2009) attempt to revive the grandmother cell hypothesis. <cite>Psychological Review</cite>, <i>117</i>, 284–288.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E2F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103CA">Pliatsikas, C., Moschopoulou, E., &amp; Saddy, J. D. (2015). The effects of bilingualism on the white matter structure of the brain. <cite>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America</cite>, <i>112</i>(5), 1334–1337. doi: 10.1073/pnas.1414183112</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E31" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103CB">Plomin, R. (1994). The nature of nurture: The environment beyond the family. In R. Plomin (Ed.), <cite>Genetics and experience: The interplay between nature and nurture</cite> (pp. 82–107). Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E33" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103CC">Plomin, R., &amp; Deary, I. J. (2015). Genetics and intelligence differences: Five special findings. <cite>Molecular Psychiatry</cite>, <i>20</i>, 98–108.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E35" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103CD">Plomin, R., &amp; DeFries, J. C. (1998, May). Genetics of cognitive abilities and disabilities. <cite>Scientific American</cite>, 62–69.</p></li><li class="biblioentry" epub:type="biblioentry"><p>Plomin, R., Owen, M. J., &amp; McGuffin, P. (1994). The genetic basis of complex human behaviors. <cite>Science, 264</cite>(5166), 1733–1739.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E37" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103CE">Plomin, R., &amp; Spinath, F. M. (2004). Intelligence: Genetics, genes, and genomics. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>86</i>(1), 112–129.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E39" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103CF">Plomin, R. N. L., Pederson, G. E., McClearn, J. R., Nesselroade, C. S., &amp; Bergman, H. F. (1988). EAS temperaments during the last half year of the life span: Twins reared apart and twins raised together. <cite>Psychology of Aging</cite>, <i>4</i>, 43–50.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E3B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103D0">Plotkin, S., Fine, P., Eames, K., &amp; Heymann, D. L. (2011). “Herd immunity”: A rough guide. <cite>Clinical Infectious Diseases</cite>, <i>52</i>(7), 911–916.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E3D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103D1">Plug, C., &amp; Ross, H. E. (1994). The natural moon illusion: A multi-factor angular account. <cite>Perception</cite>, <i>23</i>, 321–333.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E3F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103D2">Plum, F., &amp; Posner, J. B. (1985). <cite>The diagnosis of stupor and coma</cite>. Philadelphia: F. A. Davis.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E41" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103D3">Poe, G. R., Walsh, C. M., &amp; Bjorness, T. E. (2010). Cognitive neuroscience of sleep. In G. A. Kerkhof and H. P. A. van Dongen (Eds.), <cite>Human Sleep and Cognition</cite>, <i>185</i>, 1–19. Oxford: Elsevier Science.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E43" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103D4">Polce-Lynch, M., Myers, B. J., Kilmartin, C. T., Forssmann-Falck, R., &amp; Kliewer, W. (1998). Gender and age patterns in emotional expression, body image, and self-esteem: A qualitative analysis. <cite>Sex Roles</cite>, <i>38</i>, 1025–1050.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E45" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103D5">Polderman, T. J. C., Benyamin, B., de Leeuw, C. A., Sullivan, P. F., van Bochoven, A., Visscher, P. M., &amp; Posthuma, D. (2015). Meta-analysis of the heritability of human traits based on fifty years of twin studies. <cite>Nature Genetics</cite>, <i>47</i>, 702–709.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E47" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103D6">Polewan, R. J., Vigorito, C. M., Nason, C. D., Block, R. A., &amp; Moore, J. W. (2006). A cartesian reflex assessment of face processing. <cite>Behavioral and Cognitive Neuroscience Reviews</cite>, <i>3</i>(5), 3–23.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E49" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103D7">Pollack, M. H., Simon, N. M., Fagiolini, A., Pitman, R., McNally, R. J., Nierenberg, A. A., . . . Otto, M. W. (2006). Persistent posttraumatic stress disorder following September 11 in patients with bipolar disorder. <cite>Journal of Clinical Psychiatry</cite>, <i>67</i>(3), 394–399.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E4B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103D8">Pollitt, E., &amp; Mathews, R. (1998). Breakfast and cognition: An integrative summary. <cite>The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition,</cite> V67: 804S–813S.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E4D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103D9">Pompili, M., Lester, D., Dominici, G., Longo, L., Marconi, G., Forte, A., … Girardi, P. (2013). Indications for electroconvulsive treatment in schizophrenia: A systematic review. <cite>Schizophrenia Research</cite>, <i>146</i>(1–3), 1–9. doi: 10.1016/j.schres.2013.02.005</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E4F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103DA">Pormerleau, C. S., &amp; Pormerleau, O. F. (1994). Euphoriant effects of nicotine. <cite>Tobacco Control</cite>, <i>3</i>, 374.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E51" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103DB">Posada, G., Lu, T., Trumbell, J., Kaloustian, G., Trudel, M., Plata, S. J., . . . Lay, K.-L. (2013). Is the secure base phenomenon evident here, there, and anywhere? A cross-cultural study of child behavior and experts’ definitions. <cite>Child Development</cite>, <i>84</i>, 1896–1905.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E53" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103DC">Posthuma, D., de Geus, E. J. C., &amp; Deary, I. J. (2009). The genetics of intelligence. In T. E. Goldberg &amp; D. R. Weinberger (Eds.), <cite>The genetics of cognitive neuroscience</cite>. Cambridge, MA: MIT Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E55" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103DD">Postman, L. (1975). Tests of the generality of the principle of encoding specificity. <cite>Memory &amp; Cognition</cite>, <i>3</i>, 663–672.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E57" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103DE">Poulin, M. J., Holman, E. A., &amp; Buffone, A. (2012). The neurogenetics of nice: Receptor genes for oxytocin and vasopressin interact with threat to predict prosocial behavior. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>23</i>(5), 446–452. doi: 10.1177/0956797611428471</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E59" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103DF">Powers, M. H. (1984). A computer-assisted problem-solving method for beginning chemistry students. <cite>The Journal of Computers in Mathematics and Science Teaching</cite>, <i>4</i>(1), 13–19.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E5B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103E0">Powell, R. A. (2010). Little Albert still missing. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>65</i>(4), 299–300. doi: 10.1037/a0019288</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E5D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103E1">Prakash, R. S., Voss, M. W., Erickson, K. I., &amp; Kramer, A. F. (2015). Physical activity and cognitive vitality. <cite>Annual Review of Psychology</cite>, <i>66</i>, 769–797. doi: 10.1146/annurev-psych-010814–015249</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E5F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103E2">Pratkanis, A. R. (1992). The cargo-cult science of subliminal persuasion. <cite>Skeptical Inquirer</cite>, <i>16</i>, 260–272.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E61" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103E3">Pratkanis, A. R., &amp; Greenwald, A. G. (1988). Recent perspectives on unconscious processing: Still no marketing applications. <cite>Psychology and Marketing</cite>, <i>5</i>, 337–353.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E63" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103E4">Pratt, J. A. (1991). Psychotropic drug tolerance and dependence: Common underlying mechanisms? In E. Pratt (Ed.), <cite>The biological bases of drug tolerance and dependence</cite> (pp. 2–28). London: Academic Press/Harcourt Brace Jovanovich.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E65" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103E5">Prause, N., &amp; Graham, C. A. (2004). Asexuality: Classification and characterization. <cite>Archives of Sexual Behavior</cite>, <i>36</i>(3), 341–356.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E67" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103E6">Preston, J. D., O’Neal, J. H., &amp; Talaga, M. C. (2008). <cite>Handbook of clinical psychopharmacology for therapists</cite> (5th ed.). Oakland, CA: New Harbinger.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E69" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103E7">Priester, J. M., &amp; Petty, R. E. (1995). Source attributions and persuasion: Perceived honesty as a determinant of message scrutiny. <cite>Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</cite>, <i>21</i>, 637–654.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E6B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103E8">Prigerson, H. G., Bierhals, A. J., Kasi, S. V., Reynolds, C. F., Shear, M. K., Day, N., . . . Jacobs, S. (1997). Traumatic grief as a risk factor for mental and physical morbidity. <cite>American Journal of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>154I</i>, 616–623.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E6D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103E9">Pritchard, T. C. (2012). Gustatory system. In J. K. Mai &amp; G. Paxinos (Eds.), <cite>The human nervous system</cite> (pp. 1187–1218). London, UK: Academic Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E6F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103EA">Prochaska, J. O., &amp; Norcross, J. C. (2009). <cite>Systems of psychotherapy: A transtheoretical analysis</cite>. Belmont, CA: Brooks/Cole, Cengage Learning.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E71" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103EB">Prochaska, J. O., &amp; Norcross, J. C. (2014). <cite>Systems of psychotherapy: A transtheoretical analysis</cite> (8th ed.). Stamford, CT: Cengage Learning.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E73" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103EC">Prot, S., Gentile, D. A., Anderson, C. A., Suzuki, K., Swing, E., Lim, K. M., . . . Lam, B. C. P. (2014). Long-term relations among prosocial-media use, empathy, and prosocial behavior. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>25</i>(2), 358–368.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E75" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103ED">Przybylski, A. K., Deci, E. L., Rigby, C. S., &amp; Ryan, R. M. (2014). Competence-impeding electronic games and players’ aggressive feelings, thoughts, and behaviors. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>106</i>(3), 441. doi: 10.1037/a0034820</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E77" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103EE">Pullum, G. K. (1991). <cite>The great Eskimo vocabulary hoax: And other irreverent essays on the study of language</cite>. Chicago: University of Chicago Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E79" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103EF">Pumariega, A. J., &amp; Gustavson, C. R. (1994). Eating attitudes in African-American women: The essence. <cite>Eating Disorders: Journal of Treatment and Prevention</cite>, <i>2</i>, 5–16.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E7B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103F0">Purdy, D., Eitzen, D., &amp; Hufnagel, R. (1982). Are athletes also students? The educational attainment of college athletes. <cite>Social Problems</cite>, <i>29</i>, 439–448.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E7D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103F1">Puspitasari, A., Kanter, J. W., Murphy, J., Crowe, A., &amp; Koerner, K. (2013). Developing an online, modular, active learning training program for behavioral activation. <cite>Psychotherapy</cite>, <i>50</i>(2), 256–265. doi: 10.1037/a0030058</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E7F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103F2">Putnam, S. P., &amp; Stifter, C. A. (2002). Development of approach and inhibition in the first year: Parallel findings for motor behavior, temperament ratings and directional cardiac response. <cite>Developmental Science</cite>, <i>5</i>, 441–451.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E81" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103F3">Puts, D. A., Jordan, C. L., &amp; Breedlove, S. M. (2006). O brother, where art thou? The fraternal birth-order effect on male sexual orientation. <cite>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, USA</cite>, <i>103</i>(28), 10531–10532.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E83" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103F4">Pyc, M. A., Agarwal, P. K., &amp; Roediger, H. L. (2014). Test-enhanced learning. In V. A. Benassi, C. E. Overson, &amp; C. M. Hakala (Eds.), <cite>Applying the science of learning in education: Infusing psychological science into the curriculum</cite>, pp. 78–90. Retrieved from the Society for the Teaching of Psychology web site: <span class="url-obsolete">http://teachpsych.org/ebooks/asle2014/index.php.</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E85" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103F5">Qin, J., Wang, H., Sheng, X., Liang, D., Tan, H., &amp; Xia, J. (2015). Pregnancy-related complications and adverse pregnancy outcomes in multiple pregnancies resulting from assisted reproductive technology: A meta-analysis of cohort studies. <cite>Fertility and Sterility</cite>, 103, 1492–1508.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E87" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103F6">Quintero, J. E., Kuhlman, S. J., &amp; McMahon, D. G. (2003). The biological clock nucleus: A multiphasic oscillator network regulated by light. <cite>Journal of Neuroscience</cite>, <i>23</i>, 8070–8076.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E89" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103F7">Raaijmakers, J. G. W. (1993). The story of the two-store model of memory: Past criticisms, current status, and future directions. In Meyer, D. E. &amp; Kornblum, S. (Eds.), <cite>Attention and Performance. XIV (Silver Jubilee Volume)</cite> (pp. 467–488). Cambridge, MA: MIT Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E8B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103F8">Raaijmakers, J. G. W., &amp; Shiffrin, R. M. (1992). Models for recall and recognition. <cite>Annual Review of Psychology</cite>, <i>43</i>, 205–234.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E8D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103F9">Raaijmakers, J. G. W., &amp; Shiffrin, R. M. (2003). Models versus descriptions: Real differences and language differences. <cite>Behavioral and Brain Sciences</cite>, <i>26</i>, 753.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E8F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103FA">Rabins, P., Appleby, B. S., Brandt, J., DeLong, M. R., Dunn, L. B., Gabriels, L., . . . &amp; Matthews, D. J. (2009). Scientific and ethical issues related to deep brain stimulation for disorders of mood, behavior, and thought. <cite>Archives of General Psychiatry</cite>, <i>66</i>(9), 931–937.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E91" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103FB">Rachman, S. (1990). The determinants and treatments of simple phobias. <cite>Advances in Behavioral Research and Therapy</cite>, <i>12</i>(1), 1–30.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E93" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103FC">Rachman, S. J., &amp; Hodgson, R. J. (1980). <cite>Obsessions and compulsions</cite>. Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Prentice Hall.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E95" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103FD">Racsmány, M., Conway, M. A., &amp; Demeter, G. (2010). Consolidation of episodic memories during sleep: Long-term effects of retrieval practice. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>21</i>: 80–85.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E97" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103FE">Raffin, E., Richard, N., Giraux, P., &amp; Reilly, K. T. (2016). Primary motor cortex changes after amputation correlate with phantom limb pain and the ability to move the phantom limb. <cite>Neuroimage</cite>, <i>130</i>, 134–144. doi: 10.1016/j.neuroimage.2016.01.063</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E99" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000103FF">Rahman, Q., &amp; Yusuf, S. (2015). Lateralization for processing facial emotions in gay men, heterosexual men and heterosexual women. <cite>Archives of Sexual Behavior</cite>, <i>44</i>(5), 1405–1413.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E9B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010400">Rai, R., Mitchell, P., Kadar, T., &amp; Mackenzie, L. (2014). Adolescent egocentrism and the illusion of transparency: Are adolescents as egocentric as we might think? <cite>Psychological Studies</cite>, 67(1), 58–66.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E9D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010401">Raikkonen, K., Matthews, K. A., &amp; Salomon, K. (2003). Hostility predicts metabolic syndrome risk factors in children and adolescents. <cite>Health Psychology</cite>, <i>22</i>, 279–286.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008E9F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010402">Rainforth, M. V., Schneider, R. H., Nidich, S. I., Gaylord-King, C., Salerno, J. W., &amp; Anderson, J. W. (2007). Stress reduction programs in patients with elevated blood pressure: A systematic review and meta-analysis. <cite>Current Hypertension Reports</cite>, <i>9</i>, 520–528.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EA1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010403">Rakoff-Nahoum, S. (2006). Why cancer and inflammation? <em>Yale</em> <cite>Journal of Biology and Medicine</cite>, <i>79</i>(3–4), 123–130.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EA3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010404">Ramachandran, V. S., &amp; Blakeslee, S. (1998). <cite>Phantoms in the brain</cite>. New York: Quill William Morrow.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EA5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010405">Ramdhonee, K., &amp; Bhowon, U. (2012). Acculturation strategies, personality traits and acculturation stress: A study of first generation immigrants from transnational marital context. <cite>Psychology &amp; Developing Societies</cite>, <i>24</i>(2), 125–143.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EA7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010406">Ramón y Cajal, S. (1995.) <cite>Histology of the nervous system of man and vertebrates.</cite> New York: Oxford University Press. English translation by N. Swanson and L. M. Swanson.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EA9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010407">Ramos, M. R., Cassidy, C., Reicher, S., &amp; Haslam, S. A. (2015). Well-being in cross-cultural transitions: Discrepancies between acculturation preferences and actual intergroup and intragroup contact. <cite>Journal of Applied Social Psychology</cite>, <i>45</i>(1), 23–34.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EAB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010408">Rangmar, J., Hjern, A., Vinnerljung, B., Strömland, K., Aronson, M., &amp; Fahlke, C. (2015). Psychosocial outcomes of fetal alcohol syndrome in adulthood. Pediatrics, 135, e52–e58.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EAD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010409">Ranke, M. B., &amp; Saenger, P. (2001, July 28). Turner’s syndrome. <cite>Lancet</cite>, <i>358</i>(9278), 309–314.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EAF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001040A">Rao, S. C., Rainer, G., &amp; Miller, E. K. (1997). Integration of what and where in the primate prefrontal cortex. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>276</i>, 821–824.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EB1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001040B">Rapoport, J. L., Addington, A. M., Frangou, S., &amp; Psych, M. R. (2005). The neurodevelopmental model of schizophrenia: Update 2005. <cite>Molecular Psychiatry</cite>, <i>10</i>(5), 434–449. doi: 10.1038/sj.mp.4001642</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EB3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001040C">Rapoport, J. L., Giedd, J. N., &amp; Gogtay, N. (2012). Neurodevelopmental model of schizophrenia: Update 2012. <cite>Molecular Psychiatry</cite>, <i>17</i>(12), 1228–1238. doi: 10.1038/mp.2012.23</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EB5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001040D">Raposa, E. B., Bower, J. E., Hammen, C. L., Najman, J. M., &amp; Brennan, P. A. (2014). A developmental pathway from early life stress to inflammation the role of negative health behaviors. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>25</i>, 1268–1274.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EB7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001040E">Rasenberger, J. (2006). Nightmare on Austin Street. <cite>American Heritage Magazine</cite>, <i>57</i>(5), Retrieved July 8, 2010, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.americanheritage.com/articles/magazine/ah/2006/5/2006_5_65.shtml</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EB9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001040F">Ratey, J. J., &amp; Hagerman, E. (2008). <cite>Spark: The revolutionary new science of exercise and the brain</cite>. New York: Little, Brown.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EBB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010410">Ratiu, P., Talos, I. F., Haker, S., Lieberman, D., &amp; Everett, P. (2004). The tale of Phineas Gage, digitally remastered. <cite>Journal of Neurotrauma</cite>, <i>21</i>(5), 637–643. doi: 10.1089/089771504774129964</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EBD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010411">Rauch, S. L., Shin, L. M., &amp; Wright, C. I. (2003). Neuroimaging studies of amygdala function in anxiety disorders. <cite>Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences</cite>, <i>985</i>, 389–410.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EBF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010412">Raynor, H. A., &amp; Epstein, L. H. (2001). Dietary variety, energy regulation and obesity. <cite>Psychological Bulletin</cite>, <i>127</i>(3), 325–341.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EC1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010413">Reason, J. T., &amp; Brand, J. J. (1975). <cite>Motion sickness</cite>. London: Academic Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EC3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010414">Reece, M., Herbenick, D., Schick, V., Sanders, S. A., Dodge, B., &amp; Fortenberry, J. D. (2010). Condom use rates in a national probability sample of males and females ages 14 to 94 in the United States. <cite>Journal of Sexual Medicine</cite>, <i>7</i>(Suppl 5), 266–276.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EC5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010415">Rechtschaffen, A., &amp; Kales, A. (1968). <cite>A manual of standardized terminology, techniques, and scoring system for sleep stages of human subjects</cite>. U.S. Department of Health, Education, and Welfare Public Health Service - NIH/NIND.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EC7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010416">Redick, T. S. (2015). Working memory training and interpreting interactions in intelligence interventions. <cite>Intelligence</cite>, <i>50</i>, 14–20. doi: 10.1016/j.intell.2015.01.014</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EC9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010417">Reese, H. W. (2010). Regarding Little Albert. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>65</i>(4), 300–301. doi: 10.1037/a0019332</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008ECB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010418">Reichborn-Kjennerud, T. (2008). Genetics of personality disorders. <cite>Psychiatric Clinics of North America</cite>, <i>31</i>, 421.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008ECD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010419">Reichborn-Kjennerud, T., Czajkowski, N., Neale, M. C., Orstavik, R. E., Torgersen, S., Tambs, K., … Kendler, K. S. (2007). Genetic and environmental influences on dimensional representations of DSM-IV cluster C personality disorders: A population-based multivariate twin study. <cite>Psychological Medicine</cite>, <i>37</i>(5), 645–653. doi: 10.1017/s0033291706009548</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008ECF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001041A">Reicher, S. D., Haslam, S. A., &amp; Smith, J. R. (2012). Working toward the experimenter: Reconceptualizing obedience within the Milgram paradigm as identification-based followership. <cite>Perspectives on Psychological Science</cite>, <i>7</i>(4), 315–324. doi: 10.1177/1745691612448482</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008ED1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001041B">Reinders, A., Quak, J., Nijenhuis, E. R., Korf, J., Paans, A. M., Willemsen, A. T., &amp; den Boer, J. A. (2001, June). <cite>Identity state-dependent processing of neutral and traumatic scripts in dissociative identity disorder as assessed by PET</cite>. Oral presentation at the 7th Annual Meeting of the Organisation for Human Brain Mapping, Brighton, UK. <cite>NeuroImage 13</cite>(Suppl.), S1093.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008ED3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001041C">Reiner, W. G. (1999). Assignment of sex in neonates with ambiguous genitalia. <cite>Current Opinions in Pediatrics</cite>, <i>11</i>(4), 363–365.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008ED5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001041D">Reiner, W. G. (September 29, 2000). <cite>The genesis of gender identity in the male: Prenatal androgen effects on gender identity and gender role</cite>. Oral presentation at New York University Child Study Center, Grand Rounds Summary.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008ED7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001041E">Reiner, W. G., &amp; Gearhart, J. P. (2004). Discordant sexual identity in some genetic males with cloacal exstrophy assigned to female sex at birth. <cite>The New England Journal of Medicine</cite>, <i>350</i>(4), 333–341. <span class="url-obsolete">http://doi.org/10.1056/NEJMoa022236</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008ED9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001041F">Reisenzein, R. (1983). The Schachter theory of emotion: Two decades later. <cite>Psychological Bulletin</cite>, <i>94</i>, 239–264.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EDB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010420">Reisenzein, R. (1994). Pleasure-arousal theory and the intensity of emotions. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>7</i>(6), 1313–1329.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EDD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010421">Remini, L. (2015). <cite>Troublemaker: Surviving Hollywood and Scientology</cite>. New York: Ballantine Books.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EDF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010422">Renchler, R. (1993). Poverty and learning. <cite>ERIC Digest No. 83</cite>, Eugene, OR: ERIC Clearinghouse on educational management. (ERIC Document Reproduction Service No. ED 357 433).</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EE1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010423">Renneboog, B. (2012). Andropause and testosterone deficiency: How to treat in 2012? <cite>Revue Médicale de Bruxelles</cite>, <i>33</i>(4), 443–449.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EE3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010424">Renner, M. J., &amp; Mackin, R. S. (1998). A life stress instrument for classroom use. <cite>Teaching of Psychology</cite>, <i>25</i>, 47.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EE5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010425">Rescorla, R. A. (1968). Probability of shock in the presence and absence of CS in fear conditioning. <cite>Journal of Comparative and Physiological Psychology</cite>, <i>66</i>, 1–5.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EE7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010426">Rescorla, R. A. (1988). Pavlovian conditioning–It’s not what you think. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>43</i>, 151–160.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EE9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010427">Resick, P. A., Monson, C. M., &amp; Rizvi, S. (2008). Posttraumatic stress disorder. In D. H. Barlow (Ed.), <cite>Clinical handbook of psychological disorders</cite> (pp. 65–122). New York: Guilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EEB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010428">Rethorst, C. C., Greer, T. L., Toups, M. S. P., Bernstein, I., Carmody, T. J., &amp; Trivedi, M. H. (2015). IL-1β and BDNF are associated with improvement in hypersomnia but not insomnia following exercise in major depressive disorder. <cite>Translational Psychiatry</cite>, <i>5</i>(8), e611. doi: 10.1038/tp.2015.104</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EED" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010429">Reynolds, C. F., Frank, E., Perel, J. M., Imber, S. D., Cornes, C., Miller, M. D., . . . Kuper, D. J. (1999). Nortriptyline and interpersonal psychotherapy as maintenance therapies for recurrent depression: A randomized controlled trial in patients older than 59 years. <cite>Journal of the American Medical Association</cite>, <i>281</i>(1), 39–45.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EEF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001042A">Reynolds, J. A. (2002). <cite>Succeeding in college: study skills and strategies, 2e</cite>. Needham Heights: Allyn and Bacon.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EF1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001042B">Reynolds, R. M., Strachan, M., Frier, B. M., Fowkes, F. G., Mitchell, R., Seckl, J. R., . . . Prices, J. F. (2010). Morning cortisol levels and cognitive abilities in people with Type 2 diabetes. <cite>American Diabetes Association: Diabetes Care</cite>, <i>33</i>(4), 714–720.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EF3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001042C">Rezvani, A. H., &amp; Levin, E. D. (2001). Cognitive effects of nicotine. <cite>Biological Psychiatry</cite>, <i>49</i>, 258–267.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EF5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001042D">Rhodes, M. G., &amp; Castel, A. D. (2008). Memory predictions are influenced by perceptual information: Evidence for metacognitive illusions. <cite>Journal of Experimental Psychology: General</cite>, <i>137</i>(4), 615–625. doi: 10.1037/a0013684</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EF7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001042E">RIA Novosti. (2010, January 7). Some 80 people die from drug abuse in Russia every day–minister. Retrieved June 30, 2010, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://en.rian.ru/russia/20100616/159443005.html</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EF9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001042F">Rice, W. R., Friberg, U., &amp; Gavrilets, S. (2012). Homosexuality as a consequence of epigenetically canalized sexual development. <cite>The Quarterly Review of Biology</cite>, <i>87</i>(4), 344–368.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EFB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010430">Richard, O. D., Stewart, M. M., McKay, P. F., &amp; Sackett, T. W. (2015). The impact of store-unit-community racial diversity congruence on store-unit sales performance. <cite>Journal of Management</cite>. doi: 10.1177/0149206315579511</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EFD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010431">Richards, C. F., &amp; Lowe, R. A. (2003). Researching racial and ethnic disparities in emergency medicine. <cite>Academic Emergency Medicine</cite>, <i>10</i>(11), 1169–1175.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008EFF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010432">Richardson, J., &amp; Morgan, R. (1997). <cite>Reading to learn in the content areas</cite>. Belmont, CA: Wadsworth.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F01" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010433">Rideout, V. J., Foehr, U. G., &amp; Roberts, D. F. (2010). <cite>Generation M2: Media in the lives of 8- to 18-year-olds</cite>: Menlo Park, CA: Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F03" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010434">Ridley, M. (1999). <cite>Genome: The autobiography of a species in 23 chapters</cite>. London: Fourth Estate.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F05" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010435">Ridley, M. (2002). Crop Circle Confession. <cite>Scientific American</cite>. Retrieved February 17, 2010, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.sciam.com/article.cfm?chanID=sa006&amp;articleID=00038B16-ED5F-1D29–97CA809EC588EEDF</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F07" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010436">Rieber, R. W., &amp; Robinson, D. K. (2001). <cite>Wilhelm Wundt in history: The making of a scientific psychology</cite>. New York: Kluwer Academic.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F09" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010437">Rigby, C. S., Schultz, P. P., &amp; Ryan, R. M. (2014). Mindfulness, interest-taking, and self-regulation: A self-determination theory perspective on the role of awareness in optimal functioning. In A. Ie, C. T. Ngnoumen, &amp; E. Langer (Eds.), <cite>Handbook of mindfulness</cite> (pp. 216–235). Cambridge, UK: Cambridge University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F0B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010438">Rijsdijk, F. V., Gottesman, I. I., McGuffin, P., &amp; Cardno, A. G. (2011). Heritability estimates for psychotic symptom dimensions in twins with psychotic disorders. <cite>American Journal of Medical Genetics Part B, Neuropsychiatric Genetics</cite>, <i>156B</i>(1), 89–98. doi: 10.1002/ajmg.b.31145</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F0D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010439">Ritchey, M., LaBar, K. S., &amp; Cabeza, R. (2011). Level of processing modulates the neural correlates of emotional memory formation. <cite>Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience</cite>, <i>4</i>, 757–775.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F0F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001043A">Ritts, V. (1999). Infusing culture into psychopathology: A supplement for psychology instructors. Retrieved from the Internet on June 19, 2004, at <span class="url-obsolete">www.stlcc.cc.mo.us/mc/users/vritts/psypath.htm</span>.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F11" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001043B">Rizzolatti, G., Fabbri-Destro, M., &amp; Cattaneo, L. (2009). Mirror neurons and their clinical relevance. <cite>Nature Clinical Practice Neurology</cite>, <i>5</i>(1), 24–34.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F13" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001043C">Ro, E., &amp; Clark, L. A. (2009). Psychosocial functioning in the context of diagnosis: Assessment and theoretical issues. <cite>Psychological Assessment</cite>, <i>21</i>(3), 313–324.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F15" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001043D">Roane, B. M., Seifer, R., Sharkey, K. M., Van Reen, E., Bond, T. L., Raffray, T., &amp; Carskadon, M. A. (2015). What role does sleep play in weight gain in the first semester of university? <cite>Behavioral Sleep Medicine</cite>, <i>13</i>(6), 491–505.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F17" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001043E">Roberto, C. A., &amp; Kawachi, I. (2014). Use of psychology and behavioral economics to promote healthy eating. <cite>American Journal of Preventive Medicine</cite>, <i>47</i>, 832–837.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F19" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001043F">Robins, L. N. (1996). <cite>Deviant children grown up</cite>. Baltimore: Williams &amp; Wilkins.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F1B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010440">Robinson, F. P. (1946). <cite>Effective study</cite>. New York: Harper &amp; Bros.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F1D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010441">Robinson, J. W., &amp; Preston, J. D. (1976). Equal status contact and modification of racial prejudice: A reexamination of the contact hypothesis. <cite>Social Forces</cite>, <i>54</i>, 911–924.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F1F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010442">Robinson, P. (1993). <cite>Freud and his critics</cite>. Berkeley: University of California Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F21" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010443">Roche, A. F. (1979). Secular trends in human growth, maturation, and development. <cite>Monographs of the Society for Research in Child Development</cite>, <i>44</i>(3–4), 1–120.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F23" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010444">Rodin, J. (1981). Current status of the internal-external hypothesis for obesity. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>36</i>, 361–372.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F25" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010445">Rodin, J. (1985). Insulin levels, hunger, and food intake: An example of feedback loops in body weight regulation. <cite>Health Psychology</cite>, <i>4</i>, 1–24.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F27" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010446">Rodin, J., &amp; Langer, E. J. (1977). Long-term effects of a control-relevant intervention among the institutionalized aged. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>35</i>, 275–282.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F29" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010447">Roediger, H. L. (1990). Implicit memory: Retention without remembering. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>45</i>, 1043–1056.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F2B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010448">Roediger, H. L., III (2000). Why retrieval is the key process to understanding human memory. In E. Tulving (Ed.), <cite>Memory, consciousness and the brain: The Tallinn Conference</cite> (pp. 52–75). Philadelphia: Psychology Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F2D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010449">Roediger, H. L., III, &amp; Guynn, M. J. (1996). Retrieval processes. In E. L. Bjork &amp; R. A. Bjork (Eds.), <cite>Memory</cite> (pp. 197–236). New York: Academic Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F2F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001044A">Roediger, H. L., &amp; Karpicke, J. D. (2006). The power of testing memory: Basic research and implications for educational practice. <cite>Perspectives on Psychological Science</cite>, <i>1</i>, 181–210.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F31" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001044B">Roediger, H. L., &amp; McDermott, K. B. (1995). Creating false memories: Remembering words not presented in lists. <cite>Journal of Experimental Psychology</cite>, <i>21</i>(4), 803–814.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F33" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001044C">Roethlisberger, F. J. &amp; Dickson, W. J. (1939) <cite>Management and the Worker</cite>. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F35" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001044D">Roffman, I., Savage-Rumbaugh, S., Rubert-Pugh, E., Ronen, A., &amp; Nevo, E. (2012). Stone tool production and utilization by bonobo-chimpanzees (pan paniscus). <cite>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America</cite>, <i>109</i>(36). doi: 10.1073/pnas.1212855109</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F37" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001044E">Roffman, R. A., Stephens, R. S., Simpson, E. E., &amp; Whitaker, D. L. (1988). Treatment of marijuana dependence: Preliminary results. <cite>Journal of Psychoactive Drugs</cite>, <i>20</i>(1), 129–137.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F39" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001044F">Roffwarg, H. P., Muzio, J. N., &amp; Dement, W. C. (1966). Ontogenetic development of the human sleep-dream cycle. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>152</i>(3722), 604–619.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F3B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010450">Rogers, C. R. (1951). <cite>Client-centered therapy</cite>. Boston: Houghton Mifflin Co.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F3D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010451">Rogers, C. R. (1961). <cite>On becoming a person: A therapist’s view of psychotherapy</cite>. Boston: Houghton Mifflin Co.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F3F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010452">Rogers, R. W., &amp; Mewborn, C. R. (1976). Fear appeals and attitude change: Effects of a threat’s noxiousness, probability of occurrence, and the efficacy of the coping responses. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>34</i>, 54–61.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F41" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010453">Rogoff, B. (1994). Developing understanding of the idea of communities of learners. <cite>Mind, Culture, and Activity</cite>, <i>1</i>(4), 209–229.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F43" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010454">Roid, G. H. (2003). <cite>Stanford-Binet intelligence scales</cite> (5th ed.). Itasca, IL: Riverside.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F45" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010455">Roos, P. E., &amp; Cohen, L. H. (1987). Sex roles and social support as moderators of life stress adjustment. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>3</i>, 576–585.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F47" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010456">Ros, T., Theberge, J., Frewen, P. A., Kluetsch, R., Densmore, M., Calhoun, V. D., &amp; Lanius, R. A. (2013). Mind over chatter: Plastic up-regulation of the fMRI salience network directly after EEG neurofeedback. <cite>Neuroimage</cite>, <i>65</i>, 324–335. doi: 10.1016/j.neuroimage.2012.09.046</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F49" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010457">Rosch, E. (1973). On the internal structure of perceptual and semantic categories. In T. E. Moore (Ed.), <cite>Cognitive development and the acquisition of language</cite> (pp. 111–144). New York: Academic Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F4B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010458">Rosch, E. (1977). Human categorization. In N. Warren (Ed.), <cite>Advances in cross-cultural psychology</cite>, <i>1</i> (pp. 1–72). London: Academic Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F4D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010459">Rosch, E., &amp; Mervis, C. (1975). Family resemblances: Studies in the internal structures of categories. <cite>Cognitive Psychology</cite>, <i>7</i>, 573–605.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F4F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001045A">Rosch-Heider, E. (1972). Universals in color naming and memory. <cite>Journal of Experimental Psychology</cite>, <i>93</i>, 10–20.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F51" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001045B">Rosch-Heider, E., &amp; Olivier, D. C. (1972). The structure of the color space in naming and memory for two languages. <cite>Cognitive Psychology</cite>, <i>3</i>, 337–354.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F53" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001045C">Rosenbloom, T., Shahar, A., Perlman, A., Estreich, D., &amp; Kirzner, E. (2007). Success on a practical driver’s license test with and without the presence of another testee. <cite>Accident Analysis &amp; Prevention</cite>, <i>39</i>(6), pp. 1296–1301.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F55" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001045D">Rosenfeld, J. P., Labkovsky, E., Winograd, M., Lui, M. A., Vandenboom, C., &amp; Chedid, E. (2008). The Complex Trial Protocol (CTP): A new, countermeasure-resistant, accurate, P300-based method for detection of concealed information. <cite>Psychophysiology</cite>, <i>45</i>(6), 906–919.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F57" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001045E">Rosenhan, D. L. (1973), On being sane in insane places, <cite>Science</cite>, <i>179</i>, 250–258.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F59" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001045F">Rosenman, R. H., Brand, R. I., Jenkins, C. D., Friedman, M., Straus, R., &amp; Wurm, M. (1975). Coronary heart disease in the Western Collaborative Group Study, final follow-up experience of 2 years. <cite>Journal of the American Medical Association</cite>, <i>233</i>, 812–817.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F5B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010460">Rosenthal, A. M. (1964). <cite>Thirty-eight witnesses: The Kitty Genovese case</cite>. New York: McGraw-Hill.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F5D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010461">Rosenthal, R., &amp; Jacobson, L. (1968). <cite>Pygmalion in the classroom</cite>. New York: Holt, Rinehart &amp; Winston.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F5F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010462">Rose, S., Kamin, L. J., &amp; Lewontin, R. C. (1984). <cite>Not in our genes: Biology, ideology and human nature</cite>. Harmondsworth, UK: Penguin.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F61" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010463">Ross, C. A., Ferrell, L., &amp; Schroeder, E. (2014). Co-occurrence of dissociative identity disorder and borderline personality disorder. <cite>Journal of Trauma &amp; Dissociation</cite>, <i>15</i>(1), 79–90. doi: 10.1080/15299732.2013.834861</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F63" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010464">Ross, H. E., &amp; Ross, G. M. (1976). Did Ptolemy understand the moon illusion? <cite>Perception</cite>, <i>5</i>, 377–385.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F65" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010465">Rossini, P. M., Altamura, C., Ferreri, F., Melgari, J. M., Tecchio, F., Tombini, M., . . . Vernieri, F. (2007). Neuroimaging experimental studies on brain plasticity in recovery from stroke. <cite>Eura Medicophys</cite>, <i>43</i>(2), 241–254.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F67" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010466">Rostron, B., Chang, C. M., van Bemmel, D. M., Xia, Y., &amp; Blount, B. C. (2015). Nicotine and toxicant exposure among U.S. smokeless tobacco users: Results from 1999 to 2012 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey data. <cite>Cancer Epidemiology, Biomarkers &amp; Prevention</cite>. doi: 10.1158/1055–9965.EPI-15–0376</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F69" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010467">Rothbaum, B. O., Hodges, L. F., Kooper, R., Opdyke, D., Williford, J. S., &amp; North, M. (1995). Effectiveness of computer-generated (virtual reality) graded exposure in the treatment of acrophobia. <cite>American Journal of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>152</i>, 626–628.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F6B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010468">Rothbaum, R., Weisz, J., Pott, M., Miyake, K., &amp; Morelli, G. (2000). Attachment and culture: Security in Japan and the U.S. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>55</i>, 1093–1104.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F6D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010469">Rothenberg, A. (2001). Bipolar illness, creativity, and treatment. <cite>Psychiatric Quarterly</cite>, <i>72</i>(2), 131–147.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F6F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001046A">Rothman, A. J., Gollwitzer, P. M., Grant, A. M., Neal, D. T., Sheeran, P., &amp; Wood, W. (2015). Hale and hearty policies: How psychological science can create and maintain healthy habits. <cite>Perspectives on Psychological Science</cite>, <i>10</i>, 701–705.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F71" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001046B">Rothstein, H. R., &amp; Bushman, B. J. (2015). Methodological and reporting errors in meta-analytic reviews make other meta-analysts angry: A commentary on Ferguson (2015). <cite>Perspectives on Psychological Science</cite>, <i>10</i>(5), 677–679. doi: 10.1177/1745691615592235</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F73" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001046C">Rothstein-Fisch, C., &amp; Trumbell, E. (2008). <cite>Managing diverse classrooms: How to build on students’ cultural strengths</cite>. Alexandria, VA. Association for Supervision and Curriculum Development.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F75" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001046D">Rotter, J. B. (1966). Generalized expectancies for internal versus external control of reinforcements. <cite>Psychological Monographs</cite>, <i>80</i> [Whole no. 609].</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F77" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001046E">Rotter, J. B. (1978). Generalized expectancies for problem solving and psychotherapy. <cite>Cognitive Therapy and Research</cite>, <i>2</i>, 1–10.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F79" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001046F">Rotter, J. B. (1981). The psychological situation in social learning theory. In D. Magnusson (Ed.), <cite>Toward a psychology of situations: An interactional perspective</cite>. Hillsdale, NJ: Lawrence Erlbaum.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F7B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010470">Rotter, J. B. (1990). Internal versus external control of reinforcement: A case history of a variable. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>45</i>, 489–493.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F7D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010471">Rotton, J., &amp; Frey, J. (1985). Air pollution, weather, and violent crime: Concomitant time-series analysis of archival data. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>49</i>, 1207–1220.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F7F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010472">Rotton, J., Frey, J., Barry, T., Milligan, M., &amp; Fitzpatrick, M. (1979). The air pollution experience and physical aggression. <cite>Journal of Applied Social Psychology</cite>, <i>9</i>, 397–412.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F81" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010473">Rouru, J., Wesnes, K., Hänninen, J., Murphy, M., Riordan, H., &amp; Rinne, J. (2013, March 16–23). Safety and efficacy of ORM-12741 on cognitive and behavioral symptoms in patients with Alzheimer’s disease: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel group, multicenter, proof-of-concept 12 week study. Paper presented at American Academy of Neurology 65th Annual Meeting, San Diego, CA.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F83" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010474">Rouse, B. A. (1998). <cite>Substance and mental health statistics source book</cite>. Rockville, MD: Department of Health and Human Services, Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA).</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F85" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010475">Rovet, J. (1993). The psychoeducational characteristics of children with Turner’s syndrome. <cite>Journal of Learning Disabilities</cite>, <i>26</i>, 333–341.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F87" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010476">Rowan, J. (2001). <cite>Ordinary ecstacsy</cite>. Hove, UK: Brunner-Routledge.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F89" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010477">Rowe, D. C., Almeida, D. A., &amp; Jacobson, K. C. (1999). School context and genetic influences on aggression in adolescence. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>10</i>, 277–280.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F8B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010478">Roysircar-Sodowsky, G. R., &amp; Maestas, M. V. (2000). Acculturation, ethnic identity, and acculturative stress: Evidence and measurement. In R. H. Dana (Ed.), <cite>Handbook of cross-cultural and multicultural assessment</cite> (pp. 131–172). Mahwah, NJ: Lawrence Erlbaum.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F8D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010479">Rozeske, R. R., Evans, A. K., Frank, M. G., Watkins, L. R., Lowry, C. A., &amp; Maier, S. F. (2011). Uncontrollable, but not controllable, stress desensitizes 5-HT1A receptors in the dorsal raphe nucleus. <cite>The Journal of Neuroscience</cite>, <i>31</i>(40), 14107–14115. doi: 10.1523/jneurosci.3095–11.2011</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F8F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001047A">Rubio-Fernandez, P., &amp; Glucksberg, S. (2012). Reasoning about other people’s beliefs: Bilinguals have an advantage. <cite>Journal of Experimental Psychology: Learning, Memory, and Cognition</cite>, <i>38</i>(1), 211–217. doi: 10.1037/a0025162</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F91" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001047B">Ruble, D., Alvarez, J., Bachman, M., Cameron, J., Fuligni, A., Garcia Coll, C., &amp; Rhee, E. (2004). The development of a sense of “we”: The emergence and implications of children’s collective identity. In M. Bennett &amp; F. Sani (Eds.), <cite>The development of the social self</cite>. New York: Psychology Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F93" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001047C">Rudd, P., &amp; Osterberg, L. G. (2002). Hypertension: Context, pathophysiology, and management. In E. J. Topol (Ed.), <cite>Textbook of cardiovascular medicine</cite> (pp. 91–122). Philadelphia: Lippincott Williams &amp; Wilkins.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F95" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001047D">Rudmin, F. W. (2003). Critical history of the acculturation psychology of assimilation, separation, integration, and marginalization. <cite>Review of General Psychology</cite>, <i>7</i>, 3–37.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F97" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001047E">Ruff, R. M., Iverson, G. L., Barth, J. T., Bush, S. S., &amp; Broshek, D. K. (2009). Recommendations for diagnosing a mild traumatic brain injury: A National Academy of Neuropsychology education paper. <cite>Archives of Clinical Neuropsychology</cite>, <i>24</i>(1), 3–10.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F99" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001047F">Ruhe, H. G., Mason, N. S., &amp; Schene, A. H. (2007). Mood is indirectly related to serotonin, norepinephrine and dopamine levels in humans: A meta-analysis of monoamine depletion studies. <cite>Molecular Psychiatry</cite>, <i>12</i>(4), 331–359.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F9B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010480">Ruiz, S., Lee, S., Soekadar, S. R., Caria, A., Veit, R., Kircher, T., … Sitaram, R. (2013). Acquired self-control of insula cortex modulates emotion recognition and brain network connectivity in schizophrenia. <cite>Human Brain Mapping</cite>, <i>34</i>(1), 200–212. doi: 10.1002/hbm.21427</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F9D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010481">Rumelhart, D. E., Hinton, G. E., &amp; McClelland, J. L. (1986). A general framework for parallel distributed processing. In D. E. Rumelhart, J. L. McClelland, &amp; the PDP Research Group (Eds.), <cite>Parallel distributed processing: Explorations in the microstructure of cognition: Vol. 1. Foundations</cite> (pp. 45–76). Cambridge, MA: MIT Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008F9F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010482">Rundus, D. (1971). An analysis of rehearsal processes in free recall. <cite>Journal of Experimental Psychology</cite>, <i>89</i>, 63–77.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FA1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010483">Running, C. A., Craig, B. A., &amp; Mattes, R. D. (2015). Oleogustus: The unique taste of fat. <cite>Chemical Senses</cite>, <i>40</i>(7), 507–516. doi: 10.1093/chemse/bjv036</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FA3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010484">Runyan, D. K., Shankar, V., Hassan, F., Hunter, W. M., Jain, D., Paula, C. S., . . . Bordin, I. A. (2010). International variations in harsh child discipline. <cite>Pediatrics</cite>, <i>126</i>(3), e701–711.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FA5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010485">Ruscio, A. M., Borkovec, T. D., &amp; Ruscio, J. (2001). A taxometric investigation of the latent structure of worry. <cite>Journal of Abnormal Psychology</cite>, <i>110</i>, 413–422.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FA7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010486">Russell, D. E. (1986). <cite>The secret trauma: Incest in the lives of girls and women</cite>. New York: Basic Books.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FA9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010487">Russo, S. J., &amp; Nestler, E. J. (2013). The brain reward circuitry in mood disorders. <cite>Nature Reviews Neuroscience</cite>, <i>14</i>, 609–625.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FAB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010488">Rutherford, A. (2000). Mary Cover Jones (1896–1987). <cite>The Feminist Psychologist</cite>, <i>27</i>(3), 25.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FAD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010489">Ruzek, J. I., Eftekhari, A., Rosen, C. S., Crowley, J. J., Kuhn, E., Foa, E. B., . . . Karlin, B. E. (2014). Factors related to clinician attitudes toward prolonged exposure therapy for PTSD. <cite>Journal of Traumatic Stress</cite>, <i>27</i>(4), 423–429. doi: 10.1002/jts.21945</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FAF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001048A">Ryan, R. M., Chirkov, V. I., Little, T. D., Sheldon, K. M., Timoshina, E. L., Deci, E. L. (1999). The American dream in Russia: Extrinsic aspirations and well-being in two cultures. <cite>Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</cite>, <i>25</i>, 1509–1524.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FB1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001048B">Ryan, R. M., &amp; Deci, E. L. (2000). Intrinsic and extrinsic motivations: Classic definitions and new directions. <cite>Contemporary Educational Psychology</cite>, <i>25</i>, 54–67.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FB3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001048C">Ryan, R. M., Legate, N., Niemiec, C. P., &amp; Deci, E. L. (2012). Beyond illusions and defense: Exploring the possibilities and limits of human autonomy and responsibility through self-determination theory. In P. R. Shaver &amp; M. Mikulincer (Eds.), <cite>Meaning, mortality, and choice: The social psychology of existential concerns</cite> (pp. 215–233). Washington, DC: American Psychological Association.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FB5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001048D">Rydell, R. J., &amp; Boucher, K. L. (2010). Capitalizing on multiple social identities to prevent stereotype threat: The moderating role of self-esteem. <cite>Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</cite>, <i>36</i>(2), 239–250.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FB7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001048E">Rysavy, M. A., Li, L., Bell, E. F., Das, A., Hintz, S. R., Stoll, B. J., . . . Higgins, R. D. (2015). <cite>The New England Journal of Medicine</cite>, <i>372</i>, 1801–1811.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FB9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001048F">Sabatini, E., Della Penna, S., Franciotti, R., Ferretti, A., Zoccolotti, P., Rossini, P. M., . . . Gainotti, G. (2009). Brain structures activated by overt and covert emotional visual stimuli. <cite>Brain Research Bulletin</cite>, <i>79</i>(5), 258–264.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FBB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010490">Sacchet, M. D., Livermore, E. E., Iglesias, J. E., Glover, G. H., &amp; Gotlib, I. H. (2015). Subcortical volumes differentiate major depressive disorder, bipolar disorder, and remitted major depressive disorder. <cite>Journal of Psychiatric Research</cite>, <i>68</i>, 91–98. doi: 10.1016/j.jpsychires.2015.06.002</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FBD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010491">Sackeim, H. A., Prudic, J., Fuller, R., Keilp, J., Lavori, P. W., &amp; Olfson, M. (2007). The cognitive effects of electroconvulsive therapy in community settings. <cite>Neuropsychopharmacology</cite>, <i>32</i>, 244–254.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FBF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010492">Sackett, P. R., Borneman, M. J., &amp; Connelly, B. S. (2008). High stakes testing in higher education and employment: Appraising the evidence for validity and fairness. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>63</i>(4), 215–227. doi: 10.1037/0003–066X.63.4.215</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FC1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010493">Sacks, O. (1990). <cite>The man who mistook his wife for a hat and other clinical tales</cite>. New York: HarperPerennial.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FC3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010494">Sadker, M., &amp; Sadker, D. (1994). <cite>Failing at fairness: How America’s schools cheat girls</cite>. New York: Scribner.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FC5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010495">Sadock, B. J., Kaplan, H. I., &amp; Sadock, V. A. (2007). <cite>Kaplan &amp; Sadock’s synopsis of psychiatry: Behavioral sciences/clinical psychiatry</cite> (10th ed.). Philadelphia: Lippincott Williams &amp; Wilkins.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FC7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010496">Safer, D. J. (2015). Recent trends in stimulant usage. <cite>Journal of Attention Disorders</cite>. Published online before print. doi: 10.1177/1087054715605915</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FC9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010497">Sagan, C. (1977). <cite>The dragons of Eden: Speculations on the evolution of human intelligence</cite>. New York: Random House.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FCB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010498">Saha, S., Chant, D., Welham, J., &amp; McGrath, J. (2005). A systematic review of the prevalence of schizophrenia. <cite>PLoS Medicine</cite>, <i>2</i>(5), e141.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FCD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010499">Sahin, M., &amp; Sur, M. (2015). Genes, circuits, and precision therapies for autism and related neurodevelopmental disorders. <cite>Science</cite>. doi: 10.1126/science.aab3897</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FCF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001049A">Salamone, J. D., &amp; Correa, M. (2012). The mysterious motivational functions of mesolimbic dopamine. <cite>Neuron</cite>, <i>76</i>(3): 470–485.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FD1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001049B">Salend, S. J. (1987). Contingency management systems. <cite>Academic Therapy</cite>, <i>22</i>, 245–253.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FD3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001049C">Salgado, S., &amp; Kaplitt, M. G. (2015). The nucleus accumbens: A comprehensive review. <cite>Stereotactic and Functional Neurosurgery</cite>, <i>93</i>(2), 75–93.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FD5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001049D">Salovey, P., &amp; Mayer, J. D. (1990). Emotional intelligence. <cite>Imagination, cognition, and personality</cite>, <i>9</i>, 185–211.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FD7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001049E">Salthouse, T. A. (1984). The skill of typing. <cite>Scientific American</cite>, <i>250</i>(2), 128–135.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FD9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001049F">Sam, D. L., &amp; Berry, J. W. (2010). Acculturation when individuals and groups of different cultural backgrounds meet. <cite>Perspectives on Psychological Science</cite>, <i>5</i>(4), 472.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FDB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104A0">Sanbonmatsu, D. M., Strayer, D. L., Medeiros-Ward, N., &amp; Watson, J. M. (2013). Who multi-tasks and why? Multi-tasking ability, perceived multi-tasking ability, impulsivity, and sensation seeking. <cite>PLoS ONE</cite>, <i>8</i>(1): e54402. doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0054402</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FDD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104A1">Sanders, A. R., Martin, E. R., Beecham, G. W., Guo, S., Dawood, K., Rieger, G., . . . Bailey, J. M. (2015). Genome-wide scan demonstrates significant linkage for male sexual orientation. <cite>Psychological Medicine</cite>, <i>45</i>(7), 1379–1388.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FDF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104A2">Sanders, L. D., Weber-Fox, C. M., &amp; Neville, H. J. (2008). Varying degrees of plasticity in different subsystems within language. In J. R. Pomerantz &amp; M. Crair (Eds.), <cite>Topics in integrative neuroscience: From cells to cognition</cite>. New York: Cambridge University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FE1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104A3">Sanders, S., Hill, B., Yarber, W., Graham, C., Crosby, R., &amp; Milhausen, R. (2010). Misclassification bias: Diversity in conceptualisations about having “had sex.” <cite>Sexual Health</cite>, <i>7</i>(1), 31–34.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FE3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104A4">Sands, L. P., &amp; Meredith, W. (1992). Intellectual functioning in late midlife. <cite>Journal of Gerontological and Psychological Science</cite>, <i>47</i>, 81–84.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FE5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104A5">Sanes, J. R., &amp; Jessell, T. M. (2013a). Experience and the refinement of synaptic connections. In E. R. Kandel, J. H. Schwartz, T. M. Jessell, S. A. Siegelbaum, &amp; A. J. Hudspeth (Eds.), <cite>Principles of neural science</cite> (5th ed., pp. 1259–1283). USA: McGraw-Hill.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FE7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104A6">Sanes, J. R., &amp; Jessell, T. M. (2013b). Repairing the damaged brain. In E. R. Kandel, J. H. Schwartz, T. M. Jessell, S. A. Siegelbaum, &amp; A. J. Hudspeth (Eds.), <cite>Principles of neural science</cite> (5th ed., pp. 1284–1305). USA: McGraw-Hill.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FE9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104A7">Santhakumar, V., Wallner, M, &amp; Otis, T. S. (2007). Ethanol acts directly on extrasynaptic subtypes of GABAA receptors to increase tonic inhibition. <cite>Alcohol</cite>, <i>41</i>(3): 211–221.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FEB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104A8">Sanz, C., Andrieu, S., Sinclair, A., Hanaire, H., &amp; Vellas, B. (2009). Diabetes is associated with a slower rate of cognitive decline in Alzheimer disease. <cite>Neurology</cite>, <i>73</i>, 1359–1366.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FED" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104A9">Saper, C. B., Chou, T. C., &amp; Scammell, T. E. (2001). The sleep switch: Hypothalamic control of sleep and wakefulness. <cite>Trends in Neurosciences</cite>, <i>24</i>, 726–731.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FEF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104AA">Sapir, E. S. (1921). <cite>Language: An introduction to the study of speech</cite>. New York: Harcourt, Brace.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FF1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104AB">Sapolsky, R. M. (2004). <cite>Why zebras don’t get ulcers</cite> (3rd ed.). New York: Owl Books.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FF3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104AC">Sarada, P. A., &amp; Ramkumar, B. (2014). Positive stress and its impact on performance. <em>Research </em><cite style="font-style: normal;"><em>Journal of Pharmaceutical, Biological, and Chemical Sciences</em></cite>, <i>6</i>(2), 1519–1522.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FF5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104AD">Sarbin, T. R., &amp; Coe, W. C. (1972). <cite>Hypnosis: A social psychological analysis of influence communication</cite>. New York: Holt, Rinehart, &amp; Winston.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FF7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104AE">Sartorius, A., Demirakca, T., Bohringer, A., Clemm von Hohenberg, C., Aksay, S. S., Bumb, J. M., . . . Ende, G. (2015). Electroconvulsive therapy increases temporal gray matter volume and cortical thickness. <cite>European Neuropsychopharmacology</cite>, <i>26</i>(3), 506–517. doi: 10.1016/j.euroneuro.2015.12.036</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FF9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104AF">Sartory, G., Cwik, J., Knuppertz, H., Schürholt, B., Lebens, M., Seitz, R. J., &amp; Schulze, R. (2013). In search of the trauma memory: A meta-analysis of functional neuroimaging studies of symptom provocation in posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD). <cite>PLoS ONE</cite>, <i>8</i>(3), e58150. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0058150</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FFB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104B0">Sastry, K. S., Karpova, Y., Prokopovich, S., Smith, A. J., Essau, B., Gersappe, A., . . . Kulik, G. (2007). Epinephrine protects cancer cells from apoptosis via activation of cAMP-dependent protein kinase and BAD phosphorylation. <cite>Journal of Biological Chemistry</cite>, <i>282</i>(19), 14094–14100.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FFD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104B1">Satterly, D. (1987). Piaget and education. In R. L. Gregory (Ed.), <cite>The Oxford companion to the mind</cite> (pp. 110–143). Oxford: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000008FFF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104B2">Sattler, J. M. (1977). The effects of therapist–client racial similarity. In A. S. Gurman &amp; A. M. Razin (Eds.), <cite>Effective psychotherapy: A handbook of research</cite> (pp. 252–290). Elmsford, NY: Pergamon.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009001" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104B3">Savage-Rumbaugh, S., &amp; Lewin, R. (1994). <cite>Kanzi</cite>. New York: Wiley.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009003" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104B4">Savage-Rumbaugh, S., Shanker, S., &amp; Taylor, T. J. (1998). <cite>Apes, language and the human mind</cite>. Oxford, UK: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009005" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104B5">Savard, J., Ivers, H., Savard, M. H., &amp; Morin, C. M. (2014). Is a video-based cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia as efficacious as a professionally administered treatment in breast cancer? Results of a randomized controlled trial. <cite>Sleep</cite>, <i>37</i>(8), 1305–1314. doi: 10.5665/sleep.3918</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009007" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104B6">Savic, I., Berglund, H., &amp; Lindstrom, P. (2005). Brain response to putative pheromones in homosexual men. <cite>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, USA</cite>, <i>102</i>(20), 7356–7361.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009009" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104B7">Savic, I. &amp; Lindström, P. (2008). PET and MRI show differences in cerebral asymmetry and functional connectivity between homo- and heterosexual subjects. <cite>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, USA</cite>, <i>105</i>(27), 9403–9408.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000900B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104B8">Scarpa, A., Raine, A., Venables, P. H., &amp; Mednick, S. A. (1995). The stability of inhibited/uninhibited temperament from ages 3 to 11 years in Mauritian children. <cite>Journal of Abnormal Child Psychology</cite>, <i>23</i>, 607–618.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000900D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104B9">Schilbach, L., Hoffstaedter, F., Müller, V., Cieslik, E. C., Goya-Maldonado, R., Trost, S., . . . Eickhoff, S. B. (2016). Transdiagnostic commonalities and differences in resting state functional connectivity of the default mode network in schizophrenia and major depression. <cite>NeuroImage: Clinical</cite>, <i>10</i>, 326–335. doi: 10.1016/j.nicl.2015.11.021</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000900F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104BA">Schlumpf, Y. R., Reinders, A. A., Nijenhuis, E. R., Luechinger, R., van Osch, M. J., &amp; Jancke, L. (2014). Dissociative part-dependent resting-state activity in dissociative identity disorder: A controlled fMRI perfusion study. <cite>PLoS One</cite>, <i>9</i>(6), e98795. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0098795</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009011" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104BB">Schvey, N. A., Sbrocco, T., Stephens, M., Bryant, E. J., Ress, R., Spieker, E. A., . . . Tanofsky-Kraff, M. (2015). Comparison of overweight and obese military-dependent and civilian adolescent girls with loss-of-control eating. <cite>International Journal of Eating Disorders</cite>, <i>48</i>(6), 490–494. doi: 10.1002/eat.22424</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009013" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104BC">Schachter, S., &amp; Singer, J. E. (1962). Cognitive, social and physiological determinants of emotional states. <cite>Psychological Review</cite>, <i>69</i>, 379–399.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009015" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104BD">Schacter, D. L., &amp; Wagner, A. D. (2013). Learning and memory. In E. R. Kandel, J. H. Schwartz, T. M. Jessell, S. A. Siegelbaum, &amp; A. J. Hudspeth (Eds.), <cite>Principles of neural science</cite> (5th ed., pp. 1441–1460). USA: McGraw-Hill.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009017" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104BE">Schafer, M., &amp; Crichlow S. (1996). Antecedents of groupthink: A quantitative study. <cite>Journal of Conflict Resolution</cite>, <i>40</i>, 415–435.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009019" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104BF">Schaie, K. W., &amp; Willis, S. L. (2010). The Seattle longitudinal study of adult cognitive development. <cite>Bulletin of the International Society for the Study of Behavioral Development</cite>, <i>37</i>, 24–29.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000901B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104C0">Schapiro, A. C. &amp; McClelland, J. L. (2009). A connectionist model of a continuous developmental transition in the balance scale task. <cite>Cognition</cite>, <i>110</i>(1), 395–411.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000901D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104C1">Scharnowski, F., Hutton, C., Josephs, O., Weiskopf, N., &amp; Rees, G. (2012). Improving visual perception through neurofeedback. <cite>The Journal of Neuroscience</cite>, <i>32</i>(49), 17830–17841. doi: 10.1523/jneurosci.6334–11.2012</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000901F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104C2">Scheele, D., Striepens, N., Güntürkün, O., Deutschländer, S., Maier, W., Kendrick, K. M., &amp; Hurlemann, R. (2012). Oxytocin modulates social distance between males and females. <cite>The Journal of Neuroscience</cite>, <i>32</i>(46), 16074–16079. doi: 10.1523/jneurosci.2755–12.2012</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009021" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104C3">Schiller, P. H., &amp; Carvey, C. E. (2005). The Hermann grid illusion revisited. <cite>Perception</cite>, <i>34</i>(11), 1375–1397.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009023" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104C4">Schizophrenia Working Group of the Psychiatric Genomics, C. (2014). Biological insights from 108 schizophrenia-associated genetic loci. <cite>Nature</cite>, <i>511</i>(7510), 421–427. doi: 10.1038/nature13595</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009025" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104C5">Schmitt, D. P. (2002). Personality, attachment and sexuality related to dating relationship outcomes: Contrasting three perspectives on personal attribute interaction. <cite>British Journal of Social Psychology</cite>, <i>41</i>(4), 589–610.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009027" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104C6">Schmitt, D. P., Allik, J., McCrae, R. R., &amp; Benet-Martínez, V. (2007). The geographic distribution of big five personality traits: Patterns and profiles of human self-description across 56 nations. <cite>Journal of Cross-Cultural Psychology</cite>, <i>38</i>(2), 173–212. doi: 10.1177/0022022106297299</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009029" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104C7">Schmitt, K. C., &amp; Reith, M. E. A. (2010). Regulation of the dopamine transporter. <cite>Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences</cite>, <i>1187</i>: 316.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000902B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104C8">Schmitz, C., Wagner, J., &amp; Menke, E. (2001). The interconnection of childhood poverty and homelessness: Negative impact/points of access. <cite>Families in Society</cite>, <i>82</i>(1), 69–77.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000902D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104C9">Schnabel, J. (1994). <cite>Round in circles</cite> (pp. 267–277). London: Hamish Hamilton.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000902F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104CA">Schneider, K. J., Bugental, J. F. T., &amp; Fraser, J. F. (Eds.). (2001). <cite>Handbook of humanistic psychology</cite>. Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009031" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104CB">Schneider, R., Grim, C., Rainforth, M., Kotchen, T., Nidich, S., Gaylord-King, C., . . . Alexander, C. (2012). Stress reduction in the secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease: Randomized controlled trial of transcendental meditation and health education in blacks. <cite>Circulation: Cardiovascular Quality and Outcomes</cite>. <i>5</i>:750–758.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009033" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104CC">Schneider, R. H., Staggers, F., Alexander, C. N., Sheppard, W., Rainforth, M., Kondwani, K., Smith, S., &amp; King, C. G. (1995). A randomized controlled trial of stress reduction for hypertension in older African Americans. <cite>Hypertension</cite>, <i>26</i>(5), 820–827.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009035" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104CD">Schneider, W., Dumais, S., &amp; Shriffrin, R. (1984). <cite>Automatic and control processing and attention</cite>. London: Academic Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009037" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104CE">Schneider, W. J., &amp; McGrew, K. S. (2012). The Cattell-Horn-Carroll model of intelligence. In D. P. Flanagan &amp; P. L. Harrison (Eds.), <cite>Contemporary intellectual assessment: Theories, tests, and issues</cite> (3rd ed., pp. 99–144). New York, NY: Guilford Press.</p></li><li class="biblioentry" epub:type="biblioentry"><p>Schneider, W. J., &amp; McGrew, K. S. (2013). The Cattell-Horn-Carroll (CHC) model of intelligence v2.2: A visual tour and summary. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.iapsych.com/chcv2.pdf</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009039" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104CF">Schneidman, E. (1983). <cite>Death of man</cite>. New York: Jason Aronson.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000903B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104D0">Schneidman, E. (1994). <cite>Death: Current perspectives</cite>. New York: McGraw-Hill.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000903D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104D1">Schöls, L., Haan, J., Riess, O., Amoiridis, G., &amp; Przuntek, H. (1998). Sleep disturbance in spinocerebellar ataxias: Is the SCA3 mutation a cause of restless legs syndrome? <cite>Neurology</cite>, <i>51</i>, 1603–1607.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000903F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104D2">Schroeder, R. D., Higgins, G. E., &amp; Mowen, T. J. (2014). Maternal attachment trajectories and criminal offending by race. <cite>American Journal of Criminal Justice</cite>, <i>39</i>, 155–171.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009041" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104D3">Schroeder, S. R. (2000). Mental retardation and developmental disabilities influenced by environmental neurotoxic insults. <cite>Environmental Health Perspectives</cite>, <i>108</i>(Suppl. 3), 395–399.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009043" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104D4">Schroth, M. L., &amp; McCormack, W. A. (2000). Sensation seeking and need for achievement among study-abroad students. <cite>The Journal of Social Psychology</cite>, <i>140</i>, 533–535.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009045" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104D5">Schultz, D. P., &amp; Schultz, S. E. (2004). <cite>A History of Modern Psychology</cite>, pp. 239–242. Belmont, CA: Wadsworth.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009047" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104D6">Schutzwohl, A., Fuchs, A., McKibbin, W. F., &amp; Shackelford, T. K. (2009). How willing are you to accept sexual requests from slightly unattractive to exceptionally attractive imagined requestors? <cite>Human Nature</cite>, <i>20</i>(3), 282–293.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009049" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104D7">Schuwerk, T., Vuori, M., &amp; Sodian, B. (2015). Implicit and explicit theory of mind reasoning in autism spectrum disorders: The impact of experience. <cite>Autism</cite>, <i>19</i>, 459–468.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000904B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104D8">Schwanenflugel, P., &amp; Rey, M. (1986). Interlingual semantic facilitation: Evidence from common representational system in the bilingual lexicon. <cite>Journal of Memory and Language</cite>, <i>25</i>, 605–618.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000904D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104D9">Schwartz, C. E., Kunwar, P. S., Greve, D. N., Moran, L. R., Viner, J. C., Covino, J. M., . . . Wallace, S. R. (2010). Structural differences in adult orbital and ventromedial prefrontal cortex predicted by infant temperament at 4 months of age. <cite>Archives of General Psychiatry</cite>, <i>67</i>(1), 78–84. doi: 10.1001/archgenpsychiatry.2009.171</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000904F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104DA">Schwartz, J. H., Barres, B. A., &amp; Goldman, J. E. (2013). The cells of the nervous system. In E. R. Kandel, J. H. Schwartz, T. M. Jessell, S. A. Siegelbaum, &amp; A. J. Hudspeth (Eds.), <cite>Principles of neural science</cite> (5th ed., pp. 71–99). USA: McGraw-Hill.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009051" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104DB">Schwartz, J. H., &amp; Javitch, J. A. (2013). Neurotransmitters. In E. R. Kandel, J. H. Schwartz, T. M. Jessell, S. A. Siegelbaum, &amp; A. J. Hudspeth (Eds.), <cite>Principles of neural science</cite> (5th ed., pp. 289–306). USA: McGraw-Hill.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009053" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104DC">Schwartz, S. K. (2000). <cite>Working your degree</cite>. Retrieved March 6, 2010, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://cnnfn.cnn.com/2000/12/08/career/q_degreepsychology/</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009055" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104DD">Schweickert, R. (1993). A multinomial processing tree model for degradation and redintegration in immediate recall. <cite>Memory and Cognition</cite>, <i>21</i>, 168–175.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009057" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104DE">Schwitzgebel, E. (1999). Representation and desire: A philosophical error with consequences for theory-of-mind research. <cite>Philosophical Psychology</cite>, <i>12</i>, 157–180.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009059" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104DF">Scott, E., Zhang, Q.-g., Wang, R., Vadlamudi, R., &amp; Brann, D. (2012). Estrogen neuroprotection and the critical period hypothesis. <cite>Frontiers in Neuroendocrinology</cite>, <i>33</i>(1), 85–104. doi: 10.1016/j.yfrne.2011.10.001</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000905B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104E0">Scott, S. K., Young, A. W., Calder, A. J., Hellawell, D. J., Aggleton, J. P., &amp; Johnson, M. (1997). Impaired auditory recognition of fear and anger following bilateral amygdala lesions. <cite>Nature</cite>, <i>385</i>(6613), 254–257.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000905D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104E1">Scott, W. D. (1908). <cite>The theory and practice of advertising</cite>. Boston, MA: Small, Maynard, &amp; Company,</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000905F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104E2">Seedat, S., Scott, K. M., Angermeyer, M. C., Berglund, P., Bromet, E. J., Brugha, T. S., . . . Kessler, R. C. (2009). Cross-national associations between gender and mental disorders in the World Health Organization world mental health surveys. <cite>Archives of General Psychiatry</cite>, <i>66</i>(7), 785–795. doi: 10.1001/archgenpsychiatry.2009.36</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009061" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104E3">Seehagen, S., Konrad, C., Herbert, J. S., &amp; Schneider, S. (2015). Timely sleep facilitates declarative memory consolidation in infants. <cite>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America</cite>, <i>112</i>(5), 1625–1629.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009063" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104E4">Segal, S. K., Cotman, C. W., &amp; Cahill, L. F. (2012). Exercise-induced noradrenergic activation enhances memory consolidation in both normal aging and patients with amnestic mild cognitive impairment. <cite>Journal of Alzheimer’s Disease</cite>, <i>32</i>(4), 1011–1018. doi: 10.3233/JAD-2012–121078</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009065" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104E5">Segall, M. H., Campbell, D. T., &amp; Herskovits, M. J. (1966). <cite>The influence of culture on perception</cite>. Indianapolis, IN: Bobbs-Merrill.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009067" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104E6">Segerstrom, S. C., &amp; Sephton, S. E. (2010). Optimistic expectancies and cell-mediated immunity: The role of positive affect. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>21</i>(3), 448–455.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009069" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104E7">Segerstrom, S. C., Taylor, S. E., Kemeny, M. E., &amp; Fahey, J. L. (1998). Optimism is associated with mood, coping, and immune change in response to stress. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>74</i>(6), 1646–1655.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000906B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104E8">Sehon, S., &amp; Stanley, D. (2010). Applying the simplicity principle to homeopathy: What remains? <cite>Focus on Alternative and Complementary Therapies</cite>, <i>15</i>(1), 8–12.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000906D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104E9">Sekar, A., Bialas, A. R., de Rivera, H., Davis, A., Hammond, T. R., Kamitaki, N., . . . McCarroll, S. A. (2016). Schizophrenia risk from complex variation of complement component 4. <cite>Nature</cite>, advance online publication. doi: 10.1038/nature16549</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000906F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104EA">Sekar, A., Bialas, A. R., de Rivera, H., Davis, A., Hammond, T. R., Kamitaki, N., . . . McCarroll, S. A. (2016). Schizophrenia risk from complex variation of complement component 4. <cite>Nature</cite>, <i>530</i>, 177–183. doi: 10.1038/nature16549</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009071" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104EB">Seligman, M. (1975). <cite>Helplessness: Depression, development and death</cite>. New York: W. H. Freeman.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009073" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104EC">Seligman, M. (1989). <cite>Helplessness</cite>. New York: W. H. Freeman.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009075" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104ED">Seligman, M. (1995). The effectiveness of psychotherapy: The <cite>Consumer Reports</cite> study. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>50</i>, 965–975.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009077" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104EE">Seligman, M. (1998). <cite>Learned optimism: How to change your mind and your life</cite> (2nd ed.). New York: Pocket Books.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009079" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104EF">Seligman, M. (2002). <cite>Authentic happiness</cite>. New York: Free Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000907B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104F0">Seligman, M. E. P. (2005). Positive psychology, positive prevention, and positive therapy. In C. R. Snyder &amp; S. J. Lopez (Eds.), <cite>Handbook of positive psychology</cite> (pp. 3–9). New York: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000907D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104F1">Seligman, M. E. P., &amp; Csikszentmihalyi, M. (2000). Positive psychology: An introduction. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>55</i>(1), 5–14. doi: 10.1037/0003–066x.55.1.5</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000907F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104F2">Seligman, M., &amp; Maier, S. F. (1967). Failure to escape traumatic shock. <cite>Journal of Experimental Psychology</cite>, <i>74</i>, 1–9.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009081" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104F3">Selye, H. (1956). <cite>The stress of life</cite>. New York: McGraw-Hill.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009083" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104F4">Selye, H. (1976). <cite>The stress of life</cite> (Rev. ed.). New York: McGraw-Hill.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009085" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104F5">Selye, H. A. (1936). Syndrome produced by diverse nocuous agents. <cite>Nature</cite>, <i>138</i>, 32.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009087" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104F6">Seo, D., Tsou, K. A., Ansell, E. B., Potenza, M. N., &amp; Sinha, R. (2014). Cumulative adversity sensitizes neural response to acute stress: Association with health symptoms. <cite>Neuropsychopharmacology</cite>, <i>39</i>, 670–680.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009089" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104F7">Shackelford, T. K., Buss, D. M., &amp; Bennett, K. (2002). Forgiveness or breakup: Sex differences in responses to a partner’s infidelity. <cite>Cognition and Emotion</cite>, <i>16</i>(2), 299–307.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000908B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104F8">Shadish, R., Cook, T. D., &amp; Campbell, D. T. (2002). <cite>Experimental and quasi-experimental designs for generalized causal inferences</cite>. New York: Houghton Mifflin.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000908D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104F9">Shaffer, J. J., Peterson, M. J., McMahon, M. A., Bizzell, J., Calhoun, V., van Erp, T. G. M., . . . Belger, A. (2015). Neural correlates of schizophrenia negative symptoms: Distinct subtypes impact dissociable brain circuits. <cite>Molecular Neuropsychiatry</cite>, <i>1</i>(4), 191–200. doi: 10.1159/000440979</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000908F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104FA">Shafiro, M. V., Himelein, M. J., &amp; Best, D. L. (2003). Ukrainian and U.S. American females: Differences in individualism/collectivism and gender attitudes. <cite>Journal of Cross-Cultural Psychology</cite>, <i>34</i>(3), 297–303.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009091" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104FB">Shafton, A. (1995). <cite>Dream reader: Contemporary approaches to the understanding of dreams (SUNY series in dream studies)</cite> (pp. 40–46). New York: State University of New York Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009093" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104FC">Shakespeare, W., &amp; Hubler, E. (1987). <cite>The tragedy of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark</cite>. New York: Penguin Group.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009095" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104FD">Shang, J., Fu, Y., Ren, Z., Zhang, T., Du, M., Gong, Q., . . . Zhang, W. (2014). The common traits of the ACC and PFC in anxiety disorders in the DSM-5: Meta-analysis of voxel-based morphometry studies. <cite>PLoS One</cite>, <i>9</i>(3), e93432. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0093432</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009097" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104FE">Shapiro, A. K., &amp; Shapiro, E. (1997). <cite>The powerful placebo</cite>. Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009099" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000104FF">Shapiro, F. (2001). <cite>Eye movement desensitization and reprocessing: Basic principles, protocols, and procedures</cite>. New York: Guilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000909B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010500">Shapiro, F. (2012). <cite>Getting past your past: Take control of your life with self-help techniques from EMDR therapy</cite>. New York: Rodale.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000909D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010501">Shapiro, K. L., Jacobs, W. J., &amp; LoLordo, V. M. (1980). Stimulus relevance in Pavlovian conditioning in pigeons. <cite>Animal Learning and Behavior</cite>, <i>8</i>, 586–594.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000909F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010502">Sharif, Z., Bradford, D., Stroup, S., &amp; Lieberman, J. (2007). Pharmacological treatment of schizophrenia. In P. E. Nathan &amp; J. M. Gorman (Eds.), <cite>A guide to treatments that work</cite> (3rd ed., pp. 203–241). New York: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090A1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010503">Sharot, T., Delgado, M. R. &amp; Phelps, E. A. (2004). How emotion enhances the feeling of remembering, <cite>Nature Neuroscience</cite>, <i>7</i>(12), 1376–1380.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090A3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010504">Shaw, N. D., Butler, J. P., McKinney, S. M., Nelson, S. A., Ellenbogen, J. M., &amp; Hall, J. E. (2012). Insights into puberty: the relationship between sleep stages and pulsatile LH secretion. <cite>Journal of Clinical Endocrinology &amp; Metabolism</cite>, <i>97</i>:11, E2055–E2062.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090A5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010505">Shean, R. E., de Klerk, N. H., Armstrong, B. K., &amp; Walker, N. R. (1994). Seven-year follow-up of a smoking-prevention program for children. <cite>Australian Journal of Public Health</cite>, <i>18</i>, 205–208.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090A7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010506">Sheldon, K. M. (2012). The self-determination theory perspective on positive mental health across cultures. <cite>World Psychiatry</cite>, <i>11</i>(2), 101–102.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090A9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010507">Sheldon, S. H. (2002). Sleep in infants and children. In T. L. Lee-Chiong, M. J. Sateia, &amp; M. A. Carskadon (Eds.), <cite>Sleep medicine</cite> (pp. 99–103). Philadelphia: Hanley &amp; Belfus.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090AB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010508">Shelton, J. (2004). <cite>Homeopathy: How it really works</cite>. Amherst, NY: Prometheus Books.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090AD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010509">Shepard, R. N., &amp; Metzler, J. (1971). Mental rotation of three-dimensional objects. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>171</i>, 701–703.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090AF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001050A">Shepherd, G. M. (2012). <cite>Neurogastronomy: How the brain creates flavor and why it matters</cite>. New York, NY: Columbia University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090B1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001050B">Sherif, M. (1936). <cite>The psychology of social norms</cite>. New York: Harper &amp; Row.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090B3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001050C">Sherif, M., Harvey, O. J., White, B. J., Hood, W. R., &amp; Sherif, C. W. (1961). <cite>Intergroup conflict and cooperation: The Robber’s Cave experiment</cite>. Norman: University of Oklahoma Book Exchange.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090B5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001050D">Sherlin, L. H., Arns, M., Lubar, J., Heinrich, H., Kerson, C., Strehl, U., &amp; Sterman, M. B. (2011). Neurofeedback and basic learning theory: Implications for research and practice. <cite>Journal of Neurotherapy: Investigations in Neuromodulation, Neurofeedback and Applied Neuroscience</cite>, <i>15</i>(4), 292–304.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090B7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001050E">Sherry, P., Gaa, A., Thurlow-Harrison, S., Graber, K., Clemmons, J., &amp; Bobulinski, M. (2003). <cite>Traffic accidents, job stress, and supervisor support in the trucking industry</cite>. Paper presented at the International Institute for Intermodal Transportation, University of Denver, CO.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090B9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001050F">Shore, L. A. (1990). Skepticism in light of scientific literacy. <cite>Skeptical Inquirer</cite>, <i>15</i>(1), 3–4.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090BB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010510">Shorter, E. (1997). <cite>A history of psychiatry: From the era of the asylum to the age of Prozac</cite>. New York: John Wiley &amp; Sons.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090BD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010511">Showalter, E. (1997). <cite>Hystories: Hysterical epidemics and modern culture</cite>. New York: Columbia University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090BF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010512">Shuglin, A. (1986). The background chemistry of MDMA. <cite>Journal of Psychoactive Drugs</cite>, <i>18</i>(4), 291–304.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090C1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010513">Shweder, R. A., Haidt, J., Horton, R., &amp; Joseph, C. (2008). The cultural psychology of the emotions. In M. Lewis, J. M. Haviland-Jones &amp; L. F. Barrett (Eds.), <cite>Handbook of emotions</cite> (3rd ed., pp. 409–427). New York: Guilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090C3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010514">Siegel, J. M. (2001). The REM sleep-memory consolidation hypothesis. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>294</i>, 1058–1063.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090C5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010515">Siegel, J. M. (2011). Neural control of sleep in mammals. In M. H. Kryger, T. Roth &amp; W. C. Dement (Eds.), <cite>Principles and practice of sleep medicine</cite>. St. Louis, MO: Elsevier Saunders.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090C7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010516">Siegel, R. K., &amp; West, L. J., Eds. (1975). <cite>Hallucinations: Behavior, experience, and theory</cite> (2nd ed.). New York: Wiley.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090C9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010517">Siegel, S. (1969). Effects of CS habituation on eyelid conditioning. <cite>Journal of Comparative and Physiological Psychology</cite>, <i>68</i>(2), 245–248.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090CB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010518">Siegelbaum, S. A., Kandel, E. R., &amp; Yuste, R. (2013). Synaptic integration in the central nervous system. In E. R. Kandel, J. H. Schwartz, T. M. Jessell, S. A. Siegelbaum, &amp; A. J. Hudspeth (Eds.), <cite>Principles of neural science</cite> (5th ed., pp. 210–235). New York: McGraw-Hill.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090CD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010519">Siegler, I. C., Costa, P. T., Brummett, B. H., Helms, M. J., Barefoot, J. C., Williams, R. B., Dahlstrom, G., Kaplan, B. H., Vitaliano, P. P., Nichaman, M. Z., Day, S., &amp; Rimer, B. K. (2003). Patterns of change in hostility from college to midlife in the UNC alumni heart study predict high-risk status. <cite>Psychosomatic Medicine</cite>, <i>65</i>, 738–745.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090CF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001051A">Siegler, R. S. (1996). <cite>Emerging minds: The process of change in children’s thinking</cite>. New York: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090D1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001051B">Silva, K., Chein, J., &amp; Steinberg, L. (2016). Adolescents in peer groups make more prudent decisions when a slightly older adult is present. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>20</i>, doi: 10.1177/0956797615620379</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090D3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001051C">Silva, M. N., Marques, M., &amp; Teixeira, P. J. (2014). Testing theory in practice: The example of self-determination theory-based interventions. <cite>The European Health Psychologist</cite>, <i>16</i>, 171–180.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090D5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001051D">Simeon, D., Guralnik, O., Hazlett, E. A., Spiegel-Cohen, J., Hollander, E., &amp; Buchsbaum, M. S. (2000). Feeling unreal: A PET study of depersonalization disorder. <cite>American Journal of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>157</i>, 1782–1788.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090D7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001051E">Simkin, D. R., &amp; Black, N. B. (2014). Meditation and mindfulness in clinical practice. <cite>Child and Adolescent Psychiatric Clinics of North America</cite>, <i>23</i>, 487–534.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090D9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001051F">Simner, J. (2013). Why are there different types of synesthete? <cite>Frontiers in Psychology</cite>, <i>4</i>, 558. doi: 10.3389/fpsyg.2013.00558</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090DB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010520">Simner, J., Mulvenna, C., Sagiv, N., Tsakanikos, E., Witherby, S. A., Fraser, C., . . . Ward, J. (2006). Synaesthesia: The prevalence of atypical cross-modal experiences. <cite>Perception</cite>, <i>35</i>(8), 1024–1033. doi: 10.1068/p5469</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090DD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010521">Simon, D. A., &amp; Bjork, R. A. (2001). Metacognition in motor learning. <cite>Journal of Experimental Psychology: Learning, memory, and cognition</cite>, <i>27</i>(4), 907–912.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090DF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010522">Simon, S. L., Field, J., Miller, L. E., DiFrancesco, M., &amp; Beebe, D. W. (2015). Sweet/dessert foods are more appealing to adolescents after sleep restriction. <cite>PLoS ONE</cite>, <i>10</i>(2), e0115434. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0115434</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090E1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010523">Simpson, D. (2005). Phrenology and the neurosciences: Contributions of F. J. Gall and J. G. Spurzheim. <cite>ANZ Journal of Surgery</cite>, <i>75</i>(6), 475–482.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090E3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010524">Sin, N. L., Graham-Engeland, J. E., Ong, A. D., &amp; Almeida, D. M. (2015). Affective reactivity to daily stressors is associated with elevated inflammation. <cite>Health Psychology</cite>, <i>34</i>(12), 1154–1165.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090E5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010525">Singer, M. T., &amp; Lalich, J. (1995). <cite>Cults in our midst</cite>. San Francisco: Jossey-Bass.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090E7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010526">Singh-Manoux, A., Richards, M., &amp; Marmot, M. (2003). Leisure activities and cognitive function in middle age: Evidence from the Whitehall II study. <cite>Journal of Epidemiology and Community Health</cite>, <i>57</i>, 907–913.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090E9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010527">Skinner, B. F. (1938). <cite>The behavior of organisms: An experimental analysis</cite>. New York: Appleton-Century-Crofts.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090EB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010528">Skinner, B. F. (1956). A case history in scientific method. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>11</i>, 221–233.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090ED" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010529">Skinner, B. F. (1961). <cite>Cumulative record: Definitive edition</cite>. New York: Appelton-Century-Crofts.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090EF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001052A">Skinner, B. F. (1971). <cite>Beyond freedom and dignity</cite>. New York: Alfred A. Knopf.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090F1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001052B">Skinner, B. F. (1974). <cite>About behaviorism</cite>. New York: Alfred A. Knopf.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090F3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001052C">Skinner, B. F. (1989) The origins of cognitive thought. <cite>Recent Issues in the Analysis of Behavior</cite>, Princeton, NC: Merrill Publishing Company.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090F5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001052D">Skolnick, A. (1986). Early attachment and personal relationships across the life course. In P. B. Baltes, D. L. Featherman, &amp; R. M. Lerner (Eds.), <cite>Life-span development and behavior</cite> (vol. 7). Hillsdale, NJ: Erlbaum.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090F7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001052E">Skorska, M. N., Geniole, S. N., Vrysen, B. M., McCormick, C. M., &amp; Bogaert, A. F. (2015). Facial structure predicts sexual orientation in both men and women. <cite>Archives of Sexual Behavior</cite>, <i>44</i>, 1377–1394.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090F9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001052F">Slater, A. (2000). Visual perception in the young infant: Early organisation and rapid learning. In D. Muir &amp; A. Slater (Eds.), <cite>Infant development: The essential readings</cite>. Oxford, UK: Blackwell.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090FB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010530">Slater M., Antley, A., Davison, A., Swapp, D., Guger, C., Barker, C., . . . Sanchez-Vives, M. V. (2006). A virtual reprise of the Stanley Milgram obedience experiments. <cite>PLoS ONE</cite> <i>1</i>(1), e39. doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0000039</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090FD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010531">Sleddens, E. F., Gerards, S. M., Thijs, C., de Vries, N. K., &amp; Kremers, S. P. (2011). General parenting, childhood overweight and obesity-inducing behaviors: A review. <cite>International Journal of Pediatric Obesity</cite>, <i>6</i>, (2–2), e12–27.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000090FF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010532">Slipp, S. (1993). <cite>The Freudian mystique: Freud, women and feminism</cite>. New York: New York University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009101" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010533">Sloan, D. M., &amp; Mizes, J. S. (1999). Foundations of behavior therapy in the contemporary healthcare context. <cite>Clinical Psychology Review</cite>, <i>19</i>, 255–274.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009103" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010534">Smith, A. R., Steinberg, L., Strang, N., &amp; Chein, J. (2015). Age differences in the impact of peers on adolescents’ and adults’ neural response to reward. <cite>Developmental Cognitive Neuroscience</cite>, <i>11</i>, 75–82.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009105" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010535">Smith, M. A., Roediger, H. L., &amp; Karpicke, J. D. (2013). Covert retrieval practice benefits retention as much as overt retrieval practice. <cite>Journal of Experimental Psychology</cite>. Learning, Memory, and Cognition. doi: 10.1037/a0033569</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009107" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010536">Smith, T. C., Ryan, M. A. K., Wingard, D. L., Sallis, J. F., &amp; Kritz-Silverstein, D. (2008). New onset and persistent symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder self-reported after deployment and combat exposures: Prospective population based U.S. military cohort study. <cite>British Medical Journal</cite>, <i>336</i>(7640), 366–371.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009109" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010537">Smolen, P., Baxter, D. A., Byrne, J. H., (2006). A model of the roles of essential kinases in the induction and expression of late long-term potentiation. <cite>Biophysical Journal</cite>, <i>90</i>, 2760–2775.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000910B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010538">Snarey, J. R. (1985). Cross-cultural universality of social-moral development: A critical review of Kohlbergian research. <cite>Psychological Bulletin</cite>, <i>97</i>(2), 202–232.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000910D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010539">Snitz, B. E., O’Meara, E. S., Carlson, M. C., Arnold, A. M., Ives, D. G., Rapp, S. R., . . . DeKosky, S. T. (2009). Ginkgo biloba for preventing cognitive decline in older adults. <cite>The Journal of the American Medical Association</cite>, <i>302</i>(24), 2663–2670.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000910F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001053A">Snyder, C. R., &amp; Lopez, S. J. (2005). The future of positive psychology. In C. R. Snyder &amp; S. J. Lopez (Eds.), <cite>Handbook of positive psychology</cite> (pp. 751–767). New York: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009111" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001053B">Snyder, D. J., &amp; Bartoshuk, L. M. (2009). Epidemiological studies of taste function: Discussion and perspectives. <cite>Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences</cite>, 1170, 574–580.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009113" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001053C">Snyder, H. R., Kaiser, R. H., Warren, S. L., &amp; Heller, W. (2015). Obsessive-compulsive disorder is associated with broad impairments in executive function: A meta-analysis. <cite>Clinical Psychological Science</cite>, <i>3</i>(2), 301–330. doi: 10.1177/2167702614534210</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009115" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001053D">Snyder, M., Tanke, E. D., &amp; Berscheid, E. (1977). Social perception and interpersonal behavior: On the self-fulfilling nature of social stereotypes. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>35</i>, 656–666.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009117" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001053E">Snyder, T. D., &amp; Dillow, S. A. (2010). Digest of education statistics 2009 (NCES Publication No. NCES 2010–013). Washington, DC: National Center for Education Statistics, Institute of Education Sciences, U.S. Department of Education.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009119" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001053F">Söderlund, J., Schröder, J., Nordin, C., Samuelsson, M., Walther-Jallow, L., Karlsson, H., . . . Engberg, G. (2009). Activation of brain interleukin-1® in schizophrenia. <cite>Molecular Psychiatry</cite>, <i>14</i>(12), 1069.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000911B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010540">Sodowsky, G. R., Lai, E. W., &amp; Plake, B. S. (1991). Moderating effects of socio-cultural variables on acculturation attitudes of Hispanics and Asian Americans. <cite>Journal and Counseling and Development</cite>, <i>70</i>, 194–204.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000911D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010541">Soomro, G. M. (2001). Obsessive-compulsive disorder. <cite>Clinical Evidence</cite>, <i>6</i>, 754–762.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000911F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010542">Somerville, L. H., Jones, R. M., Ruberry, E. J., Dyke, J. P., Glover, G., &amp; Casey, B. J. (2013). The medial prefrontal cortex and the emergence of self-conscious emotion in adolescence. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>24</i>, 1554–1562.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009121" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010543">Song, Y., Ma, J., Wang, H.-J., Wang, Z., Lau, P. W. C., &amp; Agardh, A. (2015). Age at spermarche: 15-year trend and its association with body mass index in Chinese school-aged boys. <cite>Pediatric Obesity</cite>. doi: 10.1111/ijpo.12073</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009123" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010544">Sorkhabi, N. (2005). Applicability of Baumrind’s parent typology to collective cultures: Analysis of cultural explanations of parent socialization effects. <cite>International Journal of Behavioral Development</cite>, <i>29</i>(6), 552–563. doi: 10.1177/01650250500172640</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009125" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010545">Spalding, K. L., Bergmann, O., Alkass, K., Bernard, S., Salehpour, M., Huttner, H. B., . . . Frisen, J. (2013). Dynamics of hippocampal neurogenesis in adult humans. <cite>Cell</cite>, <i>153</i>(6), 1219–1227. doi: 10.1016/j.cell.2013.05.002</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009127" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010546">Spangler, W. D. (1992). Validity of questionnaire and TAT measures of need for achievement: Two meta-analyses. <cite>Psychological Bulletin</cite>, <i>112</i>, 140–154.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009129" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010547">Sparing, R., Mottaghy, F., Ganis, G., Thompson, W. L., Toepper, R., Kosslyn, S. M., &amp; Pascual-Leone, A. (2002). Visual cortex excitability increases during visual mental imagery–A TMS study in healthy human subjects. <cite>Brain Research</cite>, <i>938</i>, 92–97.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000912B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010548">Spearman, C. (1904). “General intelligence” objectively determined and measured. <cite>American Journal of Psychology</cite>, <i>15</i>, 201–293.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000912D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010549">Speca, M., Carlson, L. E, Goodey, E., &amp; Angen, E. (2000). A randomized wait-list controlled clinical trial: The effects of a mindfulness meditation-based stress reduction program on mood and symptoms of stress in cancer outpatients. <cite>Psychosomatic Medicine</cite>, <i>6</i>, 2613–2622.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000912F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001054A">Sperling, G. (1960). The information available in brief visual presentations. <cite>Psychological Monographs</cite>, <i>74</i>(11), 1–29.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009131" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001054B">Speroff, L., Glass, R. H., &amp; Kase, N. G. (1999). Recurrent early pregnancy loss. In <cite>Clinical gynecologic endocrinology and infertility</cite> (pp. 1042–1055). Philadelphia: Lippincott Williams &amp; Wilkins.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009133" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001054C">Sperry, R. W. (1968). Mental unity following surgical disconnection of the cerebral hemispheres. <cite>The Harvey Lectures</cite>. <cite>Series</cite>, <i>62</i>, 293–323. New York: Academic Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009135" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001054D">Spiegel, D., Bloom, J. R., &amp; Gottheil, E. (1989). Effects of psychosocial treatment on survival of patients with metastatic breast cancer. <cite>Lancet</cite>, <i>2</i>, 888–891.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009137" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001054E">Springer, S. P., &amp; Deutsch, G. (1998). <cite>Left brain, right brain: Perspectives from cognitive neuroscience</cite> (5th ed.). New York: Freeman.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009139" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001054F">Squire, L. R., &amp; Alvarez, P. (1995). Retrograde amnesia and memory consolidation: A neurobiological perspective. <cite>Current Opinion in Neurobiology</cite>, <i>5</i>(2), 169–177.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000913B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010550">Squire, L. R., &amp; Kandel, E. (1999). <cite>Memory: From mind to molecule</cite>. New York: Scientific American Library.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000913D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010551">Squire, L. R., &amp; Kandel, E. R. (2009). <cite>Memory: From mind to molecules</cite>. Greenwood Village, CO: Roberts and Company Publishers.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000913F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010552">Squire, L. R., Knowlton, B., &amp; Musen, G. (1993). The structure and organization of memory. <cite>Annual Review of Psychology</cite>, <i>44</i>, 453–495.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009141" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010553">Squire, L. R., Slater, P. C., &amp; Chace, P. M. (1975). Retrograde amnesia: Temporal gradient in very long-term memory following electroconvulsive therapy. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>187</i>, 77–79.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009143" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010554">Stahl, S. M. (2013). <cite>Stahl’s essential psychopharmacology: Neuroscientific basis and practical applications</cite> (4th ed.). New York: Cambridge University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009145" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010555">Standing, L., Conezio, J., &amp; Haber, R. N. (1970). Perception and memory for pictures: Single-trial learning of 2500 visual stimuli. <cite>Psychonomic Science</cite>, <i>19</i>, 73–74.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009147" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010556">Stanovich, K. E., &amp; West, R. F. (2000). Individual differences in reasoning: Implications for the rationality debate? <cite>Behavioral and Brain Sciences</cite>, <i>23</i>(5), 645–665; discussion 665–726.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009149" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010557">Steele, C. M. (1992). Race and the schooling of Black Americans. <cite>The Atlantic Monthly</cite>, <i>269</i>(4), 68–78.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000914B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010558">Steele, C. M. (1997). A threat in the air: How stereotypes shape intellectual identity and performance. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>52</i>, 613–629.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000914D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010559">Steele, C. M. (1999, August). Thin ice: “stereotype threat” and Black college students. <cite>The Atlantic Monthly</cite>, <i>284</i>, 44–54.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000914F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001055A">Steele, C. M., &amp; Aronson J. (1995). Stereotype threat and the intellectual test performance of African Americans. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>69</i>, 797–811.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009151" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001055B">Steele, J., James, J. B., &amp; Barnett, R. C. (2002). Learning in a man’s world: Examining the perceptions of undergraduate women in male-dominated academic areas. <cite>Psychology of Women Quarterly</cite>, <i>26</i>, 46–50.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009153" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001055C">Stefanovic-Stanojevic, T., Tosic-Radev, M., &amp; Velikic, D. (2015). Maternal attachment and children’s emotional and cognitive competencies. <cite>Psihologijske Tema</cite>, <i>24</i>, 51–69.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009155" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001055D">Stein, H. T. (2001). Adlerian overview of birth order characteristics. Alfred Adler Institute of San Francisco. Retrieved June 16, 2004, at <span class="url-obsolete">http://pws.cablespeed.com/~htstein/birthord.htm</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009157" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001055E">Stein, S. (1984). <cite>Girls and boys: The limits of non-sexist rearing</cite>. London: Chatto &amp; Windus.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009159" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001055F">Stein-Behrens, B., Mattson, M. P., Chang, I., Yeh, M., &amp; Sapolsky, R. (1994). Stress exacerbates neuron loss and cytoskeletal pathology in the hippocampus. <cite>Journal of Neuroscience</cite>, <i>14</i>, 5373–5380.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000915B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010560">Steinberg, L., &amp; Silverberg, S. B. (1987). Influences on marital satisfaction during the middle stages of the family life cycle. <cite>Journal of Marriage and the Family</cite>, <i>49</i>, 751–760.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000915D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010561">Steriade, M., &amp; McCarley, R. W. (1990). <cite>Brainstem control of wakefulness and sleep</cite>. New York: Plenum.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000915F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010562">Stern, W. (1912). <cite>The psychological methods of testing intelligence</cite> (G. M. Whipple, Trans.) (Educational Psychology Monograph No. 13). Baltimore, MD: Warwick &amp; York, Inc.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009161" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010563">Sternberg, R. J. (1986). A triangular theory of love. <cite>Psychological Review</cite>, <i>93</i>, 119–135.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009163" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010564">Sternberg, R. J. (1988a). <cite>The triarchic mind: A new theory of human intelligence</cite>. New York: Viking-Penguin.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009165" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010565">Sternberg, R. J. (1988b). Triangulating love. In R. Sternberg &amp; M. Barnes (Eds.), <cite>The psychology of love</cite> (pp. 119–138). New Haven, CT: Yale University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009167" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010566">Sternberg, R. J. (1996). <cite>Successful intelligence: How practical and creative intelligence determine success in life</cite>. New York: Simon &amp; Schuster.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009169" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010567">Sternberg, R. J. (1997a). Construct validation of a triangular love scale. <cite>European Journal of Social Psychology</cite>, <i>27</i>, 313–335.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000916B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010568">Sternberg, R. J. (1997b). The triarchic theory of intelligence. In P. Flannagan, J. L. Genshaft, &amp; P. L. Harrison (Eds.), <cite>Contemporary intellectual assessment: Theories, tests, and issues</cite> (pp. 92–104). New York: Guilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000916D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010569">Sternberg, R. J. (2005). The triarchic theory of successful intelligence. In <cite>Contemporary Intellectual Assessment: Theories, Tests, and Issues</cite>. New York: Guilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000916F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001056A">Sternberg, R. J. (2015). Successful intelligence: A model for testing intelligence beyond IQ tests. <cite>European Journal of Education and Psychology</cite>, <i>8</i>(2), 76–84. doi: 10.1016/j.ejeps.2015.09.004</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009171" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001056B">Sternberg, R. J., &amp; Grigorenko, E. L. (2006). Cultural intelligence and successful intelligence. <cite>Group Organization Management</cite>, <i>31</i>, 27–39.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009173" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001056C">Sternberg, R. J., &amp; Kaufman, J. C. (1998). Human abilities. <cite>Annual Review of Psychology</cite>, <i>49</i>, 479–502.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009175" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001056D">Sternberger, R. R., Turner, S. M., Beidel, D. C., &amp; Calhoun, K. S. (1995). Social phobia: An analysis of possible developmental factors. <cite>Journal of Abnormal Psychology</cite>, <i>194</i>, 526–531.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009177" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001056E">Stevenson, M. B., Roach, M. A., Leavitt, L. A., Miller, J. F., &amp; Chapman, R. S. (1988). Early receptive and productive language skills in preterm and full-term 8-month-old infants. <cite>Journal of Psycholinguistic Research</cite>, <i>17</i>(2), 169–183.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009179" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001056F">Stewart, S. (2012). Hurricane Sandy discussion number 25? (report). National Hurricane Center. Retrieved May 28, 2013, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/archive/2012/al18/al182012.discus.025.shtml?</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000917B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010570">Stickgold, R., Hobson, J. A., Fosse, R., &amp; Fosse, M. (2001). Sleep, learning and dreams: Off-line memory reprocessing. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>294</i>, 1052–1057.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000917D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010571">Stickgold, R., &amp; Ellenbogen, J. M. (2008). Quiet! Sleeping brain at work. <cite>Scientific American Mind</cite>, <i>19</i>(4), 23–29.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000917F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010572">Stiff, J. B., &amp; Mongeau, P. A. (2002). <cite>Persuasive communication</cite> (2nd ed.). New York: Guilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009181" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010573">Stigler, S. M. (1997). Regression towards the mean, historically considered. <cite>Statistical Methods in Medical Research</cite>, <i>6</i>(2), 103–114.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009183" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010574">Stipek, D. J., Gralinski, J. H., &amp; Kopp, C. B. (1990). Self-concept development in the toddler years. <cite>Developmental Psychology</cite>, <i>26</i>(6), 972–977.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009185" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010575">Stockhorst, U., Gritzmann, E., Klopp, K., Schottenfeld-Naor, Y., Hübinger, A., Berresheim, H., . . . Gries, F. A. (1999). Classical conditioning of insulin effects in healthy humans. <cite>Psychosomatic Medicine</cite>, <i>61</i>, 424–435.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009187" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010576">Stoesz, B. M., Hare, J. F., &amp; Snow, W. M. (2013). Neurophysiological mechanisms underlying affiliative social behavior: Insights from comparative research. <cite>Neuroscience and Biobehavioral Reviews</cite>, <i>37</i>(2), 123–132. doi: 10.1016/j.neubiorev.2012.11.007</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009189" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010577">Stoodley, C. J., &amp; Schmahmann, J. D. (2009). Functional topography in the human cerebellum: A meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies. <cite>NeuroImage</cite>, <i>44</i>(2), 489–501. doi: 10.1016/j.neuroimage.2008.08.039</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000918B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010578">Stoodley, C. J., Valera, E. M., &amp; Schmahmann, J. D. (2012). Functional topography of the cerebellum for motor and cognitive tasks: An fMRI study. <cite>NeuroImage</cite>, <i>59</i>(2), 1560–1570. doi: 10.1016/j.neuroimage.2011.08.065</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000918D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010579">Stoeckel, L. E., Garrison, K. A., Ghosh, S., Wighton, P., Hanlon, C. A., Gilman, J. M., . . . Evins, A. E. (2014). Optimizing real time fMRI neurofeedback for therapeutic discovery and development. <cite>Neuroimage: Clinical</cite>, <i>5</i>, 245–255. doi: 10.1016/j.nicl.2014.07.002</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000918F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001057A">Storey, A. E., Walsh, C. J., Quinton, R. L., &amp; Wynne-Edwards, K. E. (2000). Hormonal correlates of paternal responsiveness in new and expectant fathers. <cite>Evolution and Human Behavior</cite> <i>21</i>, 79–95.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009191" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001057B">Stowell, J. R., Kiecolt-Glaser, J. K., &amp; Glaser, R. (2001). Perceived stress and cellular immunity: When coping counts. <cite>Journal of Behavioral Medicine</cite>, <i>24</i>(4), 323–339.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009193" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001057C">Stratton, K., Gable, A., &amp; McCormick, M. C. (Eds.). (2001a). <cite>Immunization safety review: Thimerosal-containing vaccines and neurodevelopmental disorders</cite>. Washington, DC: National Academies Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009195" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001057D">Stratton, K., Wilson, C. B., &amp; McCormick, M. C. (Eds.). (2001b). <cite>Immunization safety review: Measles-mumps-rubella vaccine and autism</cite>. Washington, DC: National Academies Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009197" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001057E">Straus, M. A. (2000). Corporal punishment of children and adult depression and suicidal ideation. <cite>Beating the devil out of them: Corporal punishment in American families and its effects on children</cite> (pp. 60–77). New York: Lexington Books.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009199" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001057F">Strauss, A. S. (2004). The meaning of death in Northern Cheyenne culture. In A. C. G. M. Robben (Ed.), <cite>Death, mourning, and burial: A cross-cultural reader</cite> (pp. 71–76). Malden, MA: Blackwell.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000919B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010580">Strauss, C., Rosten, C., Hayward, M., Lea, L., Forrester, E., &amp; Jones, A. M. (2015). Mindfulness-based exposure and response prevention for obsessive compulsive disorder: Study protocol for a pilot randomised controlled trial. <cite>Trials</cite>, <i>16</i>, 167. doi: 10.1186/s13063–015-0664–7</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000919D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010581">Strawbridge, W. J., Cohen, R. D., Shema, S. J., &amp; Kaplan, G. A. (1997). Frequent attendance at religious services and mortality over 28 years. <cite>American Journal of Public Health</cite>, <i>87</i>, 957–961.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000919F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010582">Strayer, D. L., &amp; Drews, F. A. (2007). Cell-phone-induced driver distraction. <cite>Current Directions in Psychological Science</cite>, <i>16</i>, 128–131.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091A1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010583">Strayer, D. L., Drews, F. A., &amp; Crouch, D. J. (2006). A comparison of the cell phone driver and the drunk driver. <cite>Human Factors</cite>, <i>48</i>, 381–391.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091A3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010584">Strayer, D. L., &amp; Johnston, W. A. (2001). Driven to distraction: Dual-task studies of simulated driving and conversing on a cellular phone. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>12</i>, 462–466.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091A5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010585">Strayer, D. L., Turrill, J., Coleman, J. R., Ortiz, E. V., &amp; Cooper, J. M. (2014). Measuring cognitive distraction in the automobile II: Assessing in-vehicle voice-based interactive technologies. AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety Fact Sheet. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">https://www.aaafoundation.org/sites/default/files/<wbr/>Cog%20Distraction%20Phase%202%20FINAL%20FTS%20FORMAT_0.pdf</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091A7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010586">Strehl, U., Birkle, S., Wӧrz, S., &amp; Kotchoubey, B. (2014). Sustained reduction of seizures in patients with intractable epilepsy after self-regulation training of slow cortical potentials–10 years after. <cite>Frontiers in Human Neuroscience</cite>, <i>8</i>(1), 604.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091A9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010587">Strick, P. L., Dum, R. P., &amp; Fiez, J. A. (2009). Cerebellum and nonmotor function. <cite>Annual Review of Neuroscience</cite>, <i>32</i>, 413–434. doi: 10.1146/annurev.neuro.31.060407.125606</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091AB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010588">Stromeyer, C. F., III, &amp; Psotka, J. (1971). The detailed texture of eidetic images. <cite>Nature</cite>, <i>237</i>, 109–112.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091AD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010589">Stroth, S., Hille, K., Spitzer, M., &amp; Reinhardt, R. (2009). Aerobic endurance exercise benefits memory and affect in young adults. <cite>Neuropsychological Rehabilitation</cite>, <i>19</i>(2), 223–243.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091AF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001058A">Strunk, D. R., Brotman, M. A., &amp; DeRubeis, R. J. (2010). The process of change in cognitive therapy for depression: Predictors of early inter-session symptom gains. <cite>Behaviour Research and Therapy</cite>, <i>48</i>(7), 599–606.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091B1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001058B">Stubbs, R. J., van Wyk, M. C., Johnstone, A. M., &amp; Harbron, C. G. (1996). Breakfasts high in protein, fat or carbohydrate: Effect on within-day appetite and energy balance. <cite>European Journal of Clinical Nutrition</cite>, <i>50(7)</i>, 409–417.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091B3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001058C">Stuss, D. T., Binns, M. A., Murphy, K. J., &amp; Alexander, M. P. (2002). Dissociations within the anterior attentional system: Effects of task complexity and irrelevant information on reaction time speed and accuracy. <cite>Neuropsychology</cite>, <i>16</i>, 500–513.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091B5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001058D">Su, L., Cai, Y., Xu, Y., Dutt, A., Shi, S., &amp; Bramon, E. (2014). Cerebral metabolism in major depressive disorder: A voxel-based meta-analysis of positron emission tomography studies. <cite>BMC Psychiatry</cite>, <i>14</i>, 321. doi: 10.1186/s12888–014-0321–9</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091B7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001058E">Sue, D. W. (2010). <i>Microaggressions and marginality: Manifestation, dynamics, and impact</i>. Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley &amp; Sons.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091B9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001058F">Sue, D. W., &amp; Sue, D. (2016). <cite>Counseling the Culturally Diverse: Theory and Practice</cite> (7th ed.). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley &amp; Sons.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091BB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010590">Sue, S. (1977). Community mental health services to minority groups: Some optimism, some pessimism. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>32</i>, 616–624.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091BD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010591">Sue, S. (1992). Ethnicity and mental health: Research and policy issues. <cite>Journal of Social Issues</cite>, <i>48</i>(2), 187–205.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091BF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010592">Sue, S., Zane, N., &amp; Young, K. (1994). Research on psychotherapy in culturally diverse populations. In A. Bergin &amp; S. Garfield (Eds.), <cite>Handbook of psychotherapy and behavior change</cite> (pp. 783–817). New York: Wiley.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091C1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010593">Suleiman, J., &amp; Watson, R. T. (2008). Social loafing in technology-supported teams. <cite>Computer Supported Cooperative Work</cite>, <i>17</i>, 291–309.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091C3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010594">Sullivan, D. R., Liu, X., Corwin, D. S., Verceles, A. C., McCurdy, M. T., Pate, D. A., … Netzer, G. (2012). Learned helplessness among families and surrogate decision-makers of patients admitted to medical, surgical, and trauma ICUs. <cite>Chest</cite>, <i>142</i>(6), 1440–1446. doi: 10.1378/chest.12–0112</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091C5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010595">Sullivan, P. F. (2005). The genetics of schizophrenia. <cite>PLoS Med</cite>, <i>2</i>(7), e212. doi: 05-PLME-RIT-0198R1</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091C7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010596">Sullivan, P. F., Neale, M. C., &amp; Kendler, K. S. (2000). Genetic epidemiology of major depression: Review and meta-analysis, <cite>American Journal of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>157</i>, 1552–1562.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091C9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010597">Sulloway, F. J. (1996). <cite>Born to rebel: Birth order, family dynamics, and creative lives</cite>. New York: Pantheon.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091CB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010598">Sulzer, J., Sitaram, R., Blefari, M. L., Kollias, S., Birbaumer, N., Stephan, K. E., … Gassert, R. (2013). Neurofeedback-mediated self-regulation of the dopaminergic midbrain. <cite>Neuroimage</cite>, <i>75C</i>, 176–184. doi: 10.1016/j.neuroimage.2013.02.041</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091CD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010599">Suryani, L., &amp; Jensen, S. (1993). <cite>Trance and possession in Bali: A window on western multiple personality, possession disorder, and suicide</cite>. New York: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091CF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001059A">Sutcliffe, N., Clarke, A. E., Levinton, C., Frost, C., Gordon, C., &amp; Isenberg, D. A. (1999). Associates of health status in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus. <cite>Journal of Rheumatology</cite>, <i>26</i>, 2352–2356.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091D1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001059B">Sutherland, P. (1992). <cite>Cognitive development today: Piaget and his critics</cite>. London: Paul Chapman.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091D3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001059C">Svebak, S., Romundstad, S., &amp; Holmen, J. (2010). A 7-year prospective study of sense of humor and mortality in an adult county population: The HUNT-2 study. <cite>The International Journal of Psychiatry in Medicine</cite>, <i>40</i>(2), 125–146.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091D5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001059D">Swaab, D. F., Bao, A.-M., Garcia-Falgueras, A., Hofman, M. A., &amp; Ishunina, T. A. (2012). Sex differences in the forebrain. In J. K. Mai &amp; G. Paxinos (Eds.), <cite>The human nervous system</cite> (pp. 739–758). London, UK: Academic Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091D7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001059E">Swann, J. (1998). Talk control: An illustration from the classroom of problems in analyzing male dominance of conversation. In J. Coates (Ed.), <cite>Language and gender: A reader</cite> (pp. 185–196). Oxford, UK: Blackwell.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091D9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001059F">Swanson, H. (1994). Index of suspicion. Case 3. Diagnosis: Failure to thrive due to psychosocial dwarfism. <cite>Pediatric Review</cite>, <i>15</i>(1), 39, 41.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091DB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105A0">Swayze, V. W., II. (1995). Frontal leukotomy and related psychosurgical procedures in the era before antipsychotics (1935–1954): A historical overview. <cite>American Journal of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>152</i>(4), 505–515.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091DD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105A1">Swenson, D. D., &amp; Marshall, B. (2005, May 14). Flash flood: Hurricane Katrina’s inundation of New Orleans, August 29, 2005. <cite>Times-Picayune</cite>, p. 3.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091DF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105A2">Sykes-Muskett, B. J., Prestwich, A., Lawton, R. J., &amp; Armitage, C. J. (2015). The utility of monetary contingency contracts for weight loss: A systematic review and meta-analysis. <cite>Health Psychology Review</cite>, <i>9</i>(4), 434–451. doi: 10.1080/17437199.2015.1030685</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091E1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105A3">Szalavitz, M. (2009). Popping smart pills: the case for cognitive enhancement. <cite>Time</cite> in partnership with CNN. Retrieved May 5, 2010, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.time.com/time/health/article/0,8599,1869435,00.html</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091E3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105A4">Szell, M., &amp; Thurner, S. (2013). How women organize social networks different from men. <cite>Scientific Reports</cite>, <i>3</i>, 1214. doi: 10.1038/srep01214</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091E5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105A5">Taglialatela, J. P., Savage-Rumbaugh, E. S., &amp; Baker, L. A. (2003). Vocal production by a language-competent bonobo (<cite>Pan paniscus</cite>). <cite>International Journal of Comparative Psychology</cite>, <i>24</i>, 1–17.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091E7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105A6">Tajfel, H., &amp; Turner, J. C. (1986). The social identity theory of intergroup behaviour. In S. Worchel &amp; W. G. Austin (Eds.), <cite>The psychology of intergroup relations</cite> (Vol. 2, pp. 7–24) New York: Nelson Hall.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091E9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105A7">Takahashi, A., Lee, R. X., Iwasato, T., Itohara, S., Arima, H., Bettler, B., . . . Koide, T. (2015). Glutamate input in the dorsal raphe nucleus as a determinant of escalated aggression in male mice. <cite>Journal of Neuroscience</cite>, <i>35</i>(16), 6452. doi: 10.1523/JNEUROSCI.2450–14.2015</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091EB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105A8">Takeuchi, T., Ogilvie, R. D., Murphy, T. I., &amp; Ferrelli, A. V. (2003). EEG activities during elicited sleep onset. REM and NREM periods reflect difference mechanisms of dream generation. <cite>Clinical Neurophysiology</cite>, <i>114</i>(2), 210–220.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091ED" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105A9">Talbott, G. D. &amp; Crosby, L. R. (2001). Recovery contracts: Seven key elements. In R. H. Coombs (Ed.), <cite>Addiction recovery tools</cite> (pp. 127–144). Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091EF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105AA">Tammen, S. A., Friso, S., &amp; Choi, S. W. (2013). Epigenetics: The link between nature and nurture. <cite>Molecular Aspects of Medicine</cite>, <i>34</i>(4), 753–764. doi: 10.1016/j.mam.2012.07.018</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091F1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105AB">Tan, M. S., Yu, J. T., Tan, C. C., Wang, H. F., Meng, X. F., Wang, C., . . . Tan, L. (2015). Efficacy and adverse effects of ginkgo biloba for cognitive impairment and dementia: A systematic review and meta-analysis. <cite>Journal of Alzheimer’s Disease</cite>, <i>43</i>(2), 589–603.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091F3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105AC">Tannenbaum, M. B., Hepler, J., Zimmerman, R. S., Saul, L., Jacobs, S., Wilson, K., &amp; Albarracín, D. (2015). Appealing to fear: A meta-analysis of fear appeal effectiveness and theories. <cite>Psychological Bulletin</cite>, <i>141</i>(6), 1178–1204.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091F5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105AD">Tang, Y.-Y., Holzel, B. K., &amp; Posner, M. I. (2015). The neuroscience of mindfulness meditation. <cite>Nature Reviews Neuroscience</cite>, <i>16</i>, 213–225.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091F7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105AE">Tarescavage, A. M., Fischler, G. L., Cappo, B. M., Hill, D. O., Corey, D. M., &amp; Ben-Porath, Y. S. (2015). Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory-2–Restructured Form (MMPI-2-RF) predictors of police officer problem behavior and collateral self-report test scores. <cite>Psychological Assessment</cite>, <i>27</i>(1), 125–137. doi: 10.1037/pas0000041</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091F9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105AF">Tatke, S. (2012). Bystander effect typifies Indian psyche. The Times of India, July 15, 2012. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/mumbai/Bystander-effect-typifies-Indian-psyche/articleshow/14924402.cms</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091FB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105B0">Taylor, B., Miller, E., Farrington, C. P., Petropoulos, M. C., Favot-Mayaud, I., Li, J., &amp; Waight, P. A. (1999). Autism and measles, mumps, and rubella vaccine: No epidemiological evidence for a causal association. <cite>Lancet</cite>, <i>353</i>, 2026–2029.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091FD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105B1">Taylor, C., Manganello, J. A., Lee, S. J., &amp; Rice, J. C. (2010). Mothers’ spanking of 3-year-old children and subsequent risk of children’s aggressive behavior. <cite>Pediatrics</cite>, <i>125</i>, 1057–1065.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000091FF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105B2">Taylor, D. M., &amp; Moghaddam, F. M. (1994). <cite>Theories of intergroup relations: International social psychological perspectives</cite> (2nd ed.). Westport, CT: Praeger.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009201" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105B3">Taylor, E. (2001). Positive psychology and humanistic psychology: A reply to Seligman. <cite>Journal of Humanistic Psychology</cite>, <i>41</i>(1), 13–29. doi: 10.1177/0022167801411003</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009203" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105B4">Taylor, S. E. (2006). Tend and befriend: Biobehavioral bases of affiliation under stress. <cite>Current Directions in Psychological Science</cite>, <i>15</i>, 273–277.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009205" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105B5">Taylor, S. E., Klein, L. C., Lewis, B. P., Gruenewald, T. L., Gurung, R. A. R., &amp; Updegraff, J. A. (2000). Biobehavioral responses to stress in females: Tend-and-befriend, not fight-or-flight. <cite>Psychological Review</cite>, <i>107</i>(3), 411–429.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009207" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105B6">Teigen, K. (1994). Yerkes–Dodson: A law for all seasons. <cite>Theory &amp; Psychology</cite>, <i>4</i>, 525–547.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009209" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105B7">Temoshok, L., &amp; Dreher, H. (1992). <cite>The Type C connection: The behavioral links to cancer and your health</cite>. New York: Random House.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000920B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105B8">Temple, J. R., &amp; Choi, H. J. (2014). Longitudinal association between sexting and sexual behavior. <cite>Pediatrics</cite>, <i>134</i>(5), e1287–e1292. doi: 10.1542/peds.2014–1974</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000920D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105B9">Terracciano, A., Sutin, A. R., An, Y., O’Brien, R. J., Ferrucci, L., Zonderman, A. B., &amp; Resnick, S. M. (2014). Personality and risk of Alzheimer’s disease: New data and meta-analysis. <cite>Alzheimer’s &amp; Dementia</cite>, <i>10</i>(2), 179–186. doi: 10.1016/j.jalz.2013.03.002</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000920F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105BA">Terman, L. M. (1916). <cite>The measurement of intelligence</cite>. Boston: Houghton Mifflin.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009211" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105BB">Terman, L. M. (1925). <cite>Mental and physical traits of a thousand gifted children (I)</cite>. Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009213" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105BC">Terman, L. M., &amp; Oden, M. H. (1947). <cite>The gifted child grows up: 25 years’ follow-up of a superior group: Genetic studies of genius (Vol. 4)</cite>. Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009215" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105BD">Terman, L. M., &amp; Oden, M. H. (1959). <cite>The gifted group at mid-life, thirty-five years follow-up of the superior child: Genetic studies of genius (Vol. 3)</cite>. Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009217" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105BE">Tesler, N., Gerstenberg, M., Franscini, M., Jenni, O. G., Walitza, S., &amp; Huber, R. (2016). Increased frontal sleep slow wave activity in adolescents with major depression. <cite>Neuroimage: Clinical</cite>, <i>10</i>, 250–256. doi: 10.1016/j.nicl.2015.10.014</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009219" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105BF">Tevis, M. (1994). “George I. Sanchez.” In <cite>Lives in education: A narrative of people and ideas</cite>, 2nd ed., ed. L. Glenn Smith, Joan K. Smith, pp. 346–354. New York: St. Martin’s Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000921B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105C0">Thall-Bastow, B. D. (2016). Teratology and drug use during pregnancy. <cite>Medscape: News &amp; Perspective: Drugs &amp; Diseases: CME &amp; Education</cite>. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://emedicine.medscape.com/article/260725-overview#showall</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000921D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105C1">Thase, M. E. (1999). When are psychotherapy and pharmacotherapy combinations the treatment of choice for major depressive disorders? <cite>Psychiatric Quarterly</cite>, <i>70</i>(4), 333–346.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000921F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105C2">Thase, M. E., &amp; Sachs, G. S. (2000). Bipolar depression: Pharmacotherapy and related therapeutic strategies. <cite>Biological Psychiatry</cite>, <i>48</i>(6), 558–572.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009221" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105C3">The College Board. (2011). Time management tips for students. Retrieved May 31, 2013, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.collegeboard.com/student/plan/college-success/116.html</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009223" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105C4">Thibodeau, P. H., &amp; Boroditsky, L. (2013). Natural language metaphors covertly influence reasoning. <cite>PLoS One</cite>, <i>8</i>(1). doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0052961</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009225" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105C5">Thibodeau, P. H., &amp; Boroditsky, L. (2015). Measuring effects of metaphor in a dynamic opinion landscape. <cite>PLoS One</cite>, <i>10</i>(7), e0133939. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0133939</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009227" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105C6">Thiedke, C. C. (2001). Sleep disorders and sleep problems in childhood. <cite>American Family Physician</cite>, <i>63</i>, 277–284.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009229" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105C7">Thomas, A., &amp; Chess, S. (1977). <cite>Temperament and development</cite>. New York: Brunner/Mazel.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000922B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105C8">Thomas, A. G., Dennis, A., Rawlings, N. B., Stagg, C. J., Matthews, L., Morris, M., . . . Johansen-Berg, H. (2015). Multi-modal characterization of rapid anterior hippocampal volume increase associated with aerobic exercise. <cite>Neuroimage</cite>. doi: 10.1016/j.neuroimage.2015.10.090</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000922D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105C9">Thomas, E. F., McGarty, C., &amp; Mavor, K. (2016). Group interaction as the crucible of social identity formation: A glimpse at the foundations of social identities for collective action. <cite>Group Processes &amp; Intergroup Relations</cite>, <i>19</i>(2), 137–151.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000922F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105CA">Thomas, M., Thorne, D., Sing, H., Redmond, D., Balkin, T., Wesensten, N., Russo, M., Welsh, A., Rowland, L., Johnson, D., Aladdin, R., Cephus, R., Hall, S., &amp; Belenky, G. (1998). The relationship between driving accidents and microsleep during cumulative partial sleep deprivation. <cite>Journal of Sleep Research</cite>, <i>7</i>(2), 275.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009231" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105CB">Thomas, R. K. (1994). Pavlov’s rats “dripped saliva at the sound of a bell.” <cite>Psycoloquy</cite>, <i>5</i>(80). Retrieved May 9, 2008, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.cogsci.ecs.soton.ac.uk/cgi/psyc/newpsy?5.80</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009233" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105CC">Thompson, W. W., Price, C., Goodson, B., Shay, D. K., Benson, P., Hinrichsen, V. L., . . . DeStefano, F. (2007). Early thimerosal exposure and neuropsychological outcomes at 7 to 10 years. <cite>The New England Journal of Medicine</cite>, <i>357</i>(13), 1281–1292.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009235" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105CD">Thoresen, C. E., &amp; Harris, H. S. (2002). Spirituality and health: What’s the evidence and what’s needed? <cite>Annals of Behavioral Medicine</cite>, <i>24</i>, 3–13.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009237" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105CE">Thorndike, E. L. (1911). <cite>Animal Intelligence: Experimental studies</cite>. New York: MacMillan.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009239" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105CF">Thorndike, E. L. (1920). A constant error on psychological rating. <cite>Journal of Applied Psychology</cite>, <i>5</i>, 25–29.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000923B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105D0">Thornton, A., &amp; Hui-Sheng, L. (1994). Continuity and change. In A. Thornton &amp; Hui-Sheng (Eds.), <cite>Social change and the family in Taiwan</cite> (pp. 396–410). Chicago: University of Chicago Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000923D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105D1">Thurstone, L. (1938). <cite>Primary mental abilities</cite>. Chicago: University of Chicago Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000923F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105D2">Tian, R., Hou, G., Li, D., &amp; Yuan, T.-F. (2014). A possible change process of inflammatory cytokines in the prolonged chronic stress and its ultimate implications for health. The Scientific World Journal, 2014, Article ID 780616. doi: 10.1155/2014/780616</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009241" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105D3">Tienari, P., Wynne, L. C., Sorri, A., Lahti, I., Läksy, K., Moring, J., . . . Wahlberg, K-E. (2004). Genotype-environment interaction in schizophrenia-spectrum disorder: Long-term follow-up study of Finnish adoptees. <cite>The British Journal of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>184</i>, 216–222.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009243" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105D4">Tobach, E. (2001). Development of sex and gender. In J. Worell (Ed.), <cite>Encyclopedia of women and gender</cite> (pp. 315–332). San Diego, CA: Academic Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009245" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105D5">Toga, A. W., &amp; Thompson, P. M. (2003). Mapping brain asymmetry. <cite>Nature Reviews Neuroscience</cite>, <i>4</i>, 37–48.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009247" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105D6">Toker, S., Shirom, A., Melamed, S., &amp; Armon, G. (2012). Work characteristics as predictors of diabetes incidence among apparently healthy employees. <cite>Journal of Occupational Health Psychology</cite>, <i>17</i>(3), 259. doi: 10.1037/a0028401</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009249" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105D7">Tolman, E. C., &amp; Honzik, C. H. (1930). Introduction and removal of reward and maze learning in rats. <cite>University of California Publications in Psychology</cite>, <i>4</i>, 257–275.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000924B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105D8">Tomassy, G. S., Berger, D. R., Chen, H.-H., Kasthuri, N., Hayworth, K. J., Vercelli, A., . . . Arlotta, P. (2014). Distinct profiles of myelin distribution along single axons of pyramidal neurons in the neocortex. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>344</i>(6181), 319–324. doi: 10.1126/science.1249766</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000924D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105D9">Tomasello, M., Carpenter, M., &amp; Lizskowski, U. (2007). A new look at infant pointing. <cite>Child Development</cite>, <i>78</i>, 705–722.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000924F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105DA">Tor, P. C., Bautovich, A., Wang, M. J., Martin, D., Harvey, S. B., &amp; Loo, C. (2015). A systematic review and meta-analysis of brief versus ultrabrief right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy for depression. <cite>The Journal of Clinical Psychiatry</cite>, <i>76</i>(9), e1092–1098. doi: 10.4088/JCP.14r09145</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009251" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105DB">Torgersen, S., Czajkowski, N., Jacobson, K., Reichborn-Kjennerud, T., Roysamb, E., Neale, M. C., &amp; Kendler, K. S. (2008). Dimensional representations of DSM-IV cluster B personality disorders in a population-based sample of Norwegian twins: A multivariate study. <cite>Psychological Medicine</cite>, <i>38</i>(11), 1617–1625. doi: 10.1017/s0033291708002924</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009253" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105DC">Torrance, E. P. (1993). The Beyonders in a thirty-year longitudinal study of creative achievement. <cite>Roeper Review</cite>, <i>15</i>(3), 131–135.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009255" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105DD">Townsend, S., Kim, H. S., &amp; Mesquita, B. (2014). Are you feeling what I’m feeling? Emotional similarity buffers stress. <cite>Social Psychological and Personality Science</cite>, <i>5</i>(5), 526–533.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009257" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105DE">Trace, S. E., Baker, J. H., Penas-Lledo, E., &amp; Bulik, C. M. (2013). The genetics of eating disorders. <cite>Annual Review of Clinical Psychology</cite>, <i>9</i>, 589–620. doi: 10.1146/annurev-clinpsy-050212–185546</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009259" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105DF">Traffanstedt, M. K., Mehta, S., &amp; LoBello, S. G. (2016). Major depression with seasonal variation: Is it a valid construct? <cite>Clinical Psychological Science</cite>. doi: 10.1177/2167702615615867</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000925B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105E0">Trappey, C. (1996). A meta-analysis of consumer choice and subliminal advertising. <cite>Psychology and Marketing</cite>, <i>13</i>, 517–530.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000925D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105E1">Trauer, J. M., Qian, M. Y., Doyle, J. S., Rajaratnam, S. M. W., &amp; Cunnington, D. (2015). Cognitive behavioral therapy for chronic insomnia: A systematic review and meta-analysis. <cite>Annals of Internal Medicine</cite>, <i>163</i>(3), 191–204. doi: 10.7326/M14–2841</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000925F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105E2">Treadway, M. T., Buckholtz, J. W., Martin, J. W., Jan, K., Asplund, C. L., Ginther, M. R., . . . Marois, R. (2014). Corticolimbic gating of emotion-driven punishment. <cite>Nature Neuroscience,</cite> <i>17</i>, 1270–1275.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009261" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105E3">Treisman A. [M.] (2006). How the deployment of attention determines what we see. <cite>Visual Cognition</cite>, <i>14</i>, 411–443.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009263" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105E4">Treisman, A. M., &amp; Gelade, G. (1980). A feature integration theory of attention. <cite>Cognitive Psychology</cite>, <i>12</i>, 97–136.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009265" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105E5">Treisman, M. (1977). Motion sickness: An evolutionary hypothesis. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>197,</i> 493.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009267" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105E6">Tremblay, A., Doucet, E., &amp; Imbeault, P. (1999). Physical activity and weight maintenance. <cite>International Journal of Obesity</cite>, <i>23</i>(3), S50–S54.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009269" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105E7">Triandis, H. (1971). <cite>Attitude and attitude change</cite>. New York: Wiley.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000926B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105E8">Trivers, R. L. (1972). Parental investment and sexual selection. In B. Campbell (Ed.), <cite>Sexual selection and the descent of man, 1871–1971</cite> (pp. 136–179). Chicago: Aldine-Atherton.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000926D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105E9">Trocmé, N., MacLaurin, B., Fallon, B., Daciuk, J., Billingsley, D., Tourigny, M., . . . McKenzie, B. (2001). <cite>Canadian incidence study of reported child abuse and neglect: Final report</cite> (pp. 30–31). Ottawa, ON: Minister of Public Works and Government Services Canada.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000926F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105EA">Troncoso, X. G., Macknik, S. L., Otero-Millan, J., &amp; Martinez-Conde, S. (2008). Microsaccades drive illusory motion in the enigma illusion. <cite>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, USA</cite>, <i>105</i>(41), 16033–16038.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009271" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105EB">Trumbull, E., &amp; Rothstein-Fisch, C. (2011). The intersection of culture and achievement motivation. <cite>eSchool Community Journal</cite>, <i>21</i>(2), 25–53.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009273" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105EC">Truong, K. D., Reifsnider, O. S., Mayorga, M. E., &amp; Spitler, H. (2012). Estimated number of preterm births and low birth weight children born in the United State due to maternal binge drinking. <cite>Maternal and Child Health Journal</cite>, <i>17</i>(4), 677–688.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009275" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105ED">Trut, L. M. (1999). Early canid domestication: The Farm-Fox experiment. <cite>Science</cite>, 283.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009277" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105EE">Trzaskowski, M., Harlaar, N., Arden, R., Krapohl, E., Rimfeld, K., McMillan, A., . . . Plomin, R. (2014). Genetic influence on family socioeconomic status and children’s intelligence. <cite>Intelligence</cite>, <i>42</i>(100), 83–88. doi: 10.1016/j.intell.2013.11.002</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009279" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105EF">Tsai, G. E., Condle, D., Wu, M-T., &amp; Chang, I-W. (1999). Functional magnetic resonance imaging of personality switches in a woman with dissociative identity disorder. <cite>Harvard Review of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>7</i>, 119–122.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000927B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105F0">Tsai, J. L., Simeonova, D. I., &amp; Watanabe, J. T. (2004). Somatic and social: Chinese Americans talk about emotion. <cite>Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin</cite>, <i>30</i>(9), 1226–1238.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000927D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105F1">Tucker, E. W., &amp; Potocky-Tripodi, M. (2006). Changing heterosexuals’ attitudes toward homosexuals: A systematic review of the empirical literature. <cite>Research on Social Work Practice</cite>, <i>16</i>(2), 176–190.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000927F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105F2">Tucker, M. A., Hirota, Y., Wamsley, E. J., Lau, H., Chaklader, A., &amp; Fishbein, W. (2006). A daytime nap containing solely non-REM sleep enhances declarative but not procedural memory. <cite>Neurobiology of Learning and Memory</cite>, <i>86</i>(2), 241–247.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009281" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105F3">Tugade, M. M., &amp; Fredrickson, B. L. (2004). Resilient individuals use positive emotions to bounce back from negative emotional experiences. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>86</i>(2), 320–333.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009283" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105F4">Tukuitonga, C. F., &amp; Bindman, A. B. (2002). Ethnic and gender differences in the use of coronary artery revascularisation procedures in New Zealand. <cite>New Zealand Medical Journal</cite>, <i>115</i>, 179–182.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009285" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105F5">Tulving, E., &amp; Thomson, D. M. (1973). Encoding specificity and retrieval processes in episodic memory. <cite>Psychological Review</cite>, <i>80</i>, 352–373.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009287" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105F6">Tupak, S. V., Dresler, T., Badewien, M., Hahn, T., Ernst, L. H., Herrmann, M. J., … Fallgatter, A. J. (2013). Inhibitory transcranial magnetic theta burst stimulation attenuates prefrontal cortex oxygenation. <cite>Human Brain Mapping</cite>, <i>34</i>(1), 150–157. doi: 10.1002/hbm.21421</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009289" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105F7">Turk, C. L., Heimberg, R. G., &amp; Magee, L. (2008). Social anxiety disorder. In D. H. Barlow (Ed.), <cite>Clinical handbook of psychological disorders</cite> (pp. 123–163). New York: Guilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000928B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105F8">Turner, W. J. (1995). Homosexuality, Type 1: An Xq28 phenomenon. <cite>Archives of Sexual Behavior</cite>, <i>24</i>(2), 109–134.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000928D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105F9">Tusel, D. J., Piotrowski, N. A., Sees, K., Reilly, P. M., Banys, P., Meek, P., &amp; Hall, S. M. (1994). Contingency contracting for illicit drug use with opioid addicts in methadone treatment. In L. S., Harris (Ed.), <cite>Problems of drug dependence</cite>: <cite>Proceedings of the 56th Annual Scientific Meeting.</cite> (National Institute on Drug Abuse Research Monograph No. 153, pp. 155–160). Washington, DC: U.S. Goverment Printing Office.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000928F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105FA">Tversky, A., &amp; Kahneman, D. (1973). Availability: A heuristic for judging frequency and probability. <cite>Cognitive Psychology</cite>, <i>5</i>(2), 207–232.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009291" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105FB">Tversky, A., &amp; Shafir, E. (1992). The disjunction effect in choice under uncertainty. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>3</i>(5), 305–309.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009293" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105FC">UNAIDS. (2008). 2008 Report on the global AIDS epidemic. Retrieved June 8, 2010, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.unaids.org/en/KnowledgeCentre/HIVData/GlobalReport/<wbr/>2008/2008_Global_report.asp</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009295" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105FD">UNAIDS. (2009). AIDS epidemic update. Retrieved June 8, 2010, from <span class="url-obsolete">http://data.unaids.org/pub/Report/2009/JC1700_Epi_Update_2009_en.pdf</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009297" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105FE">UNAIDS. (2014). <cite>Fact sheet: Global statistics.</cite> Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.unaids.org/sites/default/files/en/media/unaids/<wbr/>contentassets/documents/factsheet/2014/20140716_FactSheet_en.pdf</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009299" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000105FF">Underwood, M. K., Beron, K. J., &amp; Rosen, L. H. (2009). Continuity and change in social and physical aggression from middle childhood through early adolescence. <cite>Aggressive Behavior</cite>, <i>35</i>(5), 357–375.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000929B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010600">Unger, R. (1979). Toward a redefinition of sex and gender. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>34</i>, 1085–1094.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000929D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010601">United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC). (2014). World drug report. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.unodc.org/documents/wdr2014/World_Drug_Report_2014_web.pdf</span>.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000929F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010602">Unsworth, N., Fukuda, K., Awh, E., &amp; Vogel, E. K. (2014). Working memory and fluid intelligence: Capacity, attention control, and secondary memory retrieval. <cite>Cognitive Psychology</cite>, <i>71</i>, 1–26. doi: 10.1016/j.cogpsych.2014.01.003</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092A1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010603">Unsworth, N., Fukuda, K., Awh, E., &amp; Vogel, E. K. (2015). Working memory delay activity predicts individual differences in cognitive abilities. <cite>Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience</cite>, <i>27</i>(5), 853–865. doi: 10.1162/jocn_a_00765</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092A3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010604">Upthegrove, T., Roscigno, V., &amp; Charles, C. (1999). Big money collegiate sports: Racial concentration, contradictory pressures, and academic performance. <cite>Social Science Quarterly</cite>, <i>80</i>, 718–737.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092A5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010605">U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. (2010). <em>How tobacco smoke causes disease: What it means to you.</em> Atlanta, GA: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, National Center for Chronic Disease Prevention and Health Promotion, Office on Smoking and Health.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092A7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010606">U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. (2014). <em>The health consequences of smoking–50 years of progress: A report of the Surgeon General</em>. Atlanta, GA: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, National Center for Chronic Disease Prevention and Health Promotion, Office on Smoking and Health (accessed October 5, 2015) at <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.surgeongeneral.gov/library/reports/<wbr/>50-years-of-progress/<wbr/>full-report.pdf</span>.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092A9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010607">Vail, A. (1976). Factors influencing lower class, black patients’ remaining in treatment. <cite>Clinical Psychology</cite>, <i>29</i>, 12–14.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092AB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010608">Vaillant, G. E. (2002). Adaptive mental mechanisms: Their role in a positive psychology. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>55</i>, 89–98.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092AD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010609">Valerio, S., &amp; Taube, J. S. (2016). Head direction cell activity is absent in mice without the horizontal semicircular canals. <cite>The Journal of Neuroscience</cite>, <i>36</i>(3), 741–754. doi: 10.1523/JNEUROSCI.3790–14.2016</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092AF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001060A">Val-Laillet, D., Aarts, E., Weber, B., Ferrari, M., Quaresima, V., Stoeckel, L. E., . . . Stice, E. (2015). Neuroimaging and neuromodulation approaches to study eating behavior and prevent and treat eating disorders and obesity. <cite>Neuroimage: Clinical</cite>, <i>8</i>, 1–31. doi: 10.1016/j.nicl.2015.03.016</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092B1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001060B">Valverde, R., Pozdnyakova, I., Kajander, T., Venkatraman, J., &amp; Regan, L. (2007). Fragile X mental retardation syndrome: Structure of the KH1-KH2 domains of fragile X mental retardation protein. <cite>Structure</cite>, <i>9</i>, 1090–1098.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092B3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001060C">Van de Castle, R. (1994). <cite>Our dreaming mind</cite>. New York: Ballantine Books.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092B5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001060D">Van de Garde-Perik, Markopoulos, P., de Ruyter, B., Eggen, B., IJsselsteijn, W. A., (2008). Investigating privacy attitudes and behavior in relation to personalization. <cite>Social Science Computer Review</cite>, <i>26</i>(1), 20–44.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092B7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001060E">VanderLaan, D. P., Ren, Z., &amp; Vasey, P. L. (2013). Male androphilia in the ancestral environment. <cite>Human Nature</cite>, <i>24</i>, 275–301. doi: 10.1007/s12110–013-9182z.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092B9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001060F">van der Linden, S., Maibach, E., &amp; Leiserowitz, A. (2015). Improving public engagement with climate change: Five “best practice” insights from psychological science. <cite>Perspectives on Psychological Science</cite>, <i>10</i>, 758–763.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092BB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010610">van der Merwe, A., &amp; Garuccio, A. (Eds.). (1994). <cite>Waves and particles in light and matter</cite>. New York: Plenum Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092BD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010611">van der Stelt, O., van der Molen, M., Boudewijn Gunning, W., &amp; Kok, A. (2010). Neuroelectrical signs of selective attention to color in boys with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder. <cite>Cognitive Brain Research</cite>, <i>12</i>(2), 245–264.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092BF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010612">Van Dongen, H. P. A., Maislin, G., Mullington, J. M., &amp; Dinges, D. F. (2003). The cumulative cost of additional wakefulness: Dose-response effects on neurobehavioral functions and sleep physiology from chronic sleep restriction and total sleep deprivation. <cite>Sleep</cite>, <i>26</i>, 117–126.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092C1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010613">van Duijl, M., Nijenhuis, E., Komproe, I. H., Gernaat, H. B., &amp; de Jong, J. T. (2010). Dissociative symptoms and reported trauma among patients with spirit possession and matched healthy controls in Uganda. <cite>Culture, Medicine, and Psychiatry</cite>, <i>34</i>(2), 380–400. doi: 10.1007/s11013–010-9171–1</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092C3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010614">Van Horn, J. D., Irimia, A., Torgerson, C. M., Chambers, M. C., Kikinis, R., &amp; Toga, A. W. (2012). Mapping connectivity damage in the case of Phineas Gage. <cite>PLoS One</cite>, <i>7</i>(5), e37454. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0037454</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092C5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010615">Varela, J. A., Wang, J., Christianson, J. P., Maier, S. F., &amp; Cooper, D. C. (2012). Control over stress, but not stress per se increases prefrontal cortical pyramidal neuron excitability. <cite>The Journal of Neuroscience</cite>, <i>32</i>(37), 12848–12853. doi: 10.1523/jneurosci.2669–12.2012</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092C7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010616">Vartanian, L. R. (2000). Revisiting the imaginary audience and personal fable constructs of adolescent egocentricism: A conceptual review. <cite>Adolescence</cite>, <i>35</i>(140), 639–661.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092C9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010617">Vecsey, C. G., Baillie, G. S., Jaganath, D., Havekes, R., Daniels, A., Wimmer, M., . . . &amp; Abel, T. (2009). Sleep deprivation impairs cAMP signaling in the hippocampus. <cite>Nature</cite>, <i>461</i>(7267), 1122–1125.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092CB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010618">Verkhratsky, A., Marutle, A., Rodriguez-Arellano, J. J., &amp; Nordberg, A. (2014). Glial asthenia and functional paralysis: A new perspective on neurodegeneration and Alzheimer’s disease. <i>Neuroscientist</i>. doi: 10.1177/1073858414547132</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092CD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010619">Vernon, R. J. W., Sutherland, C. A. M., Young, A. W., &amp; Hartley, T. (2014). Modeling first impressions from highly variable facial images. <cite>Proceedings of the National Academy of Science</cite>, <i>111</i>(32), E3353–E3361. doi: 10.1073/pnas.1409860111</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092CF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001061A">Vernon, S. W., &amp; Roberts, R. E. (1982). Use of RDC in a tri-ethnic community survey. <cite>Archives of General Psychiatry</cite>, <i>39</i>, 47.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092D1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001061B">Villani, S. (2001). Impact of media on children and adolescents: A 10-year review of the research. <cite>Journal of the American Academy on Child and Adolescent Psychiatry</cite>, <i>40</i>(4), 392–401.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092D3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001061C">Virkkunen, M., &amp; Linnoila, M. (1996). Serotonin and glucose metabolism in impulsively violent alcoholic offenders. In D. M. Stoff, &amp; R. B. Cairns (Eds.), <cite>Aggression and violence</cite> (pp. 87–100). Mahwah, NJ: Lawrence Erlbaum.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092D5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001061D">Visser, P. S., &amp; Krosnick, J. A. (1998). Development of attitude strength over the life cycle: Surge and decline. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>75</i>(6), 1389–1410.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092D7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001061E">Visser, P. S., &amp; Mirabile, R. R. (2004). Attitudes in the social context: The impact of social network composition on individual-level attitude strength. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>87</i>(6), 779–795.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092D9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001061F">Vitorovic, D., &amp; Biller, J. (2013). Musical hallucinations and forgotten tunes–case report and brief literature review. <cite>Frontiers in Neurology</cite>, <i>4</i>, 109. doi: 10.3389/fmeir/2013.00109</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092DB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010620">Vogel, G. W. (1975). A review of REM sleep deprivation. <cite>Archives of General Psychiatry</cite>, <i>32</i>, 749–761.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092DD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010621">Vogel, G. W. (1993). Selective deprivation, REM sleep. In M. A. Carskadon (Ed.), <cite>The encyclopedia of sleep and dreaming</cite>. New York: Macmillan.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092DF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010622">Vogt, B. A., &amp; Palomero-Gallagher, N. (2012). Cingulate cortex. In J. K. Mai &amp; G. Paxinos (Eds.), <cite>The human nervous system</cite> (pp. 943–987). London, UK: Academic Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092E1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010623">Vokey, J. R., &amp; Read J. D. (1985). Subliminal messages: Between the devil and the media. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>40</i>, 1231–1239.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092E3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010624">Volkow, N. D., Wang, G.-J., Newcorn, J., Telang, F., Solanto, M. V., Fowler, J. S., . . . &amp; Swanson, J. M. (2007). Depressed dopamine activity in caudate and preliminary evidence of limbic involvement in adults with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder. <cite>Archives of General Psychiatry</cite>, <i>64</i>(8), 932–940.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092E5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010625">von Bastian, C. C., Souza, A. S., &amp; Gade, M. (2015). No evidence for bilingual cognitive advantages: A test of four hypotheses. <cite style="font-style: normal;"><em>Journal of Experimental Psychology: General, 145</em>(2), 246–258</cite>. doi: 10.1037/xge0000120</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092E7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010626">von Helmholtz, H. (1852). On the theory of compound colours. <cite>Philosophical Magazine</cite>, <i>4</i>, 519–535.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092E9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010627">von Helmholtz, H. L. F. (1863). <cite>Die Lehre von den Tonempfindungen als physiologische Grundlage fur die Theorie der Musik</cite> (1954, XX, trans. by Alexander J. Ellis). <cite>On the sensations of tone as a physiological basis for the theory of music</cite>. New York: Dover.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092EB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010628">von Hofsten, O., von Hofsten, C., Sulutvedt, U., Laeng, B., Brennen, T., &amp; Magnussen, S. (2014). Simulating newborn face perception. <cite>Journal of Vision</cite>, <i>14</i>, 16.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092ED" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010629">von Stumm, S., &amp; Plomin, R. (2015). Socioeconomic status and the growth of intelligence from infancy through adolescence. <cite>Intelligence</cite>, <i>48</i>, 30–36. doi: 10.1016/j.intell.2014.10.002</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092EF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001062A">Voogd, J., &amp; Ruigrok, T. J. H. (2012). Cerebellum and precerebellar nuceli. In J. K. Mai &amp; G. Paxinos (Eds.), <cite>The human nervous system</cite> (pp. 471–545). London, UK: Academic Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092F1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001062B">Voss, M. W., Erickson, K. I., Prakash, R. S., Chaddock, L., Malkowski, E., Alves, H., . . . &amp; Kramer, A. F. (2010). Functional connectivity: A source of variance in the association between cardiorespiratory fitness and cognition? <cite>Neuropsychologia</cite>, <i>48</i>(5), 1394–1406.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092F3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001062C">Voyer, D., &amp; Rodgers, M. (2002). Reliability of laterality effects in a dichotic listening task with nonverbal material. <cite>Brain &amp; Cognition</cite>, <i>48</i>, 602–606.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092F5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001062D">Voyer, D., Voyer, S., &amp; Bryden, M. (1995). Magnitude of sex differences in spatial abilities: A meta-analysis and consideration of critical variables. <cite>Psychological Bulletin</cite>, <i>117</i>(2), 250–270.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092F7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001062E">Vrij, A. (2015). The protection of innocent suspects: A comment on Palmatier and Rovner (2015). <cite>International Journal of Psychophysiology</cite>, <i>95</i>(1), 20–21.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092F9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001062F">Vygotsky, L. S. (1934/1962). <cite>Thought and language</cite>. Cambridge, MA: MIT Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092FB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010630">Vygotsky, L. S. (1978). <cite>Mind in society: The development of higher psychological processes</cite>. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092FD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010631">Vygotsky, L. S. (1987). Thought and word. In R. W. Riebe &amp; A. S. Carton (Eds.), <cite>The collected works of L. S. Vygotsky: Vol. 1. Problems of general psychology</cite> (pp. 243–288). New York: Plenum.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000092FF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010632">Wade, T. D., Gordon, S., Medland, S., Bulik, C. M., Heath, A. C., Montgomery, G. W., &amp; Martin, N. G. (2013). Genetic variants associated with disordered eating. <cite>The International Journal of Eating Disorders</cite>. doi: 10.1002/eat.22133</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009301" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010633">Wahlsten, D. (1997). The malleability of intelligence is not constrained by heritability. In B. Devlin, S. E. Fienberg, &amp; K. Roeder, <cite>Intelligence, genes, and success: Scientists respond to the bell curve</cite> (pp. 71–87). New York: Springer.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009303" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010634">Wakefield, A. J., Murch, S. H., Anthony, A., Linnell, J., Casson, D. M., Malik, M., . . . &amp; Walker-Smith J., A. (1998). Ileal-lymphoid-nodular hyperplasia, non-specific colitis, and pervasive developmental disorder in children. <cite>The Lancet</cite>, <i>351</i>, 9103.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009305" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010635">Walker, L. J. (1991). Sex differences in moral reasoning. In W. M. Kurtines &amp; J. L. Gewirtz (Eds.), <cite>Handbook of moral behavior and development: Vol. 2. Research</cite> (pp. 333–364). Hillsdale, NJ: Lawrence Erlbaum.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009307" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010636">Walker, M. P. (2005). A refined model of sleep and the time course of memory formation. <cite>Behavioral and Brain Sciences</cite>, <i>28</i>, 51–64.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009309" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010637">Walker, P., Francis, B. J., &amp; Walker, L. (2010). The brightness-weight illusion. <cite>Experimental Psychology</cite>, <i>57</i>(6), 462–469. doi: 10.1027/1618–3169/a000057</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000930B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010638">Walter, C. (2008). Affairs of the lips. <cite>Scientific American Mind</cite>, <i>19</i>(6), 24.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000930D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010639">Wampold, B. E. (1997). Methodological problems in identifying efficacious psychotherapies. <cite>Psychotherapy Research</cite>, <i>7</i>, 21–43.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000930F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001063A">Wang, T., Shi, F., Jin, Y., Yap, P. T., Wee, C. Y., Zhang, J., . . . Shen, D. (2016). Multilevel deficiency of white matter connectivity networks in Alzheimer’s disease: A diffusion MRI study with DTI and Hardi models. <cite>Neural Plasticity</cite>, 2016, 2947136. doi: 10.1155/2016/2947136</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009311" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001063B">Wang, Z., David, P., Srivastava, J., Powers, S., Brady, C., D’Angelo, J., &amp; Moreland, J. (2012). Behavioral performance and visual attention in communication multitasking: A comparison between instant messaging and online voice chat. <cite>Computers in Human Behavior</cite>, <i>28</i>(3): 968.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009313" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001063C">Ward, A. S., Li, D. H., Luedtke, R. R., &amp; Emmett-Oglesby, M. W. (1996). Variations in cocaine self-administration by inbred rat strains under a progressive-ratio schedule. <cite>Psychopharmacology</cite>, <i>127</i>(3), 204–212.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009315" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001063D">Ward, B. W., Dahlhamer, J. M., Galinsky, A. M., &amp; Joestl, S. S. (2014). Sexual orientation and health among U.S. adults: National Health Interview Survey, 2013. <cite>National Health Statistics Reports</cite>, <i>77</i>, 1–12.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009317" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001063E">Ward, C., &amp; Rana-Deuba, A. (1999). Acculturation and adaptation revisited. <cite>Journal of Cross-Cultural Psychology</cite>, <i>30</i>, 422–442.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009319" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001063F">Ward, I. L. (1992). Sexual behavior: The product of parinatal hormonal and prepubertal social factors. In A. A. Gerall, H. Moltz, &amp; I. L. Ward. (Eds.), <cite>Handbook of behavioral neurobiology: Vol. 11. Sexual differentiation</cite> (pp. 157–178). New York: Plenum Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000931B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010640">Ward, J., Mattic, K. R. P., &amp; Hall, W. (1999). <cite>Methadone maintenance treatment and other opioid replacement therapies</cite>. Sydney, Australia: Harwood Academic.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000931D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010641">Ward, M. M., Lotstein, D. S., Bush, T. M., Lambert, R. E., van Vollenhoven, R., &amp; Neuwelt, C. M. (1999). Psychosocial correlates of morbidity in women with systemic lupus erythematosus. <cite>Journal of Rheumatology</cite>, <i>26</i>, 2153–2158.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000931F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010642">Ward, R. D., Gallistel, C. R., Jensen, G., Richards, V. L., Fairhurst, S., &amp; Balsam, P. D. (2012). Conditioned stimulus informativeness governs conditioned stimulus-unconditioned stimulus associability. <cite>Journal of Experimental Psychology: Animal Behavior Processes</cite>, <i>38</i>: 217–232.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009321" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010643">Ware, M. A., Wang, T., Shapiro, S., &amp; Collet, J.-P. (2015). Cannabis for the management of pain: Assessment of safety study (COMPASS). <cite>The Journal of Pain</cite>. doi: 10.1016/j.jpain.2015.07.014</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009323" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010644">Wartner, U. G., Grossmann, K., Fremmer-Bombik, E., &amp; Suess, G. (1994). Attachment patterns at age six in south Germany: Predictability from infancy and implications for preschool behavior. <cite>Child Development</cite>, <i>65</i>, 1014–1027.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009325" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010645">Washburn, M. F. (1908). <cite>The animal mind: A text-book of comparative psychology</cite>. New York: Macmillan.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009327" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010646">Wasserman, E. A., &amp; Miller, R. R. (1997). What’s elementary about associative learning? <cite>Annual Review of Psychology</cite>, <i>48</i>, 573–607.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009329" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010647">Waterhouse, L. (2006a). Inadequate evidence for multiple intelligences, Mozart effect, and emotional intelligence theories. <cite>Educational Psychologist</cite>, <i>41</i>(4), 247–255.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000932B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010648">Waterhouse, L. (2006b). Multiple intelligences, the Mozart effect, and emotional intelligence: A critical review. <cite>Educational Psychologist</cite>, <i>41</i>, 207–225.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000932D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010649">Waterman, A. S. (2013). The humanistic psychology–positive psychology divide: Contrasts in philosophical foundations. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>68</i>(3), 124–133. doi: 10.1037/a0032168</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000932F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001064A">Watkins, C. E., Campbell, V. L., Nieberding, R., &amp; Hallmark, R. (1995). Contemporary practice of psychological assessment by clinical psychologists. <cite>Professional Psychology: Research and Practice</cite>, <i>26</i>, 54–60.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009331" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001064B">Watkins, C. E., Jr., &amp; Savickas, M. L. (1990). Psychodynamic career counseling. In W. B. Walsh &amp; S. H. Osipow (Eds.), <cite>Career counseling: Contemporary topics in vocational psychology</cite> (pp. 79–116). Hillsdale, NJ: Lawrence Erlbaum.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009333" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001064C">Watson, D. L., Hagihara, D. K., &amp; Tenney, A. L. (1999). Skill-building exercises and generalizing psychological concepts to daily life. <cite>Teaching of Psychology</cite>, <i>26</i>, 193–195.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009335" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001064D">Watson, J. B. (1913). Psychology as the behaviorist views it. <cite>Psychological Review</cite>, <i>20</i>, 158–177.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009337" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001064E">Watson, J. B. (1924). <cite>Behaviorism</cite>. New York: W. W. Norton.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009339" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001064F">Watson, J. B., &amp; Rayner, R. (1920). Conditioned emotional responses. <cite>Journal of Experimental Psychology</cite>, <i>3</i>, 1–14.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000933B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010650">Watson, J. C., Steckley, P. L., &amp; McMullen, E. J. (2014). The role of empathy in promoting change. <cite>Psychotherapy Research</cite>, <i>24</i>(3), 286–298. doi: 10.1080/10503307.2013.802823</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000933D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010651">Watson, J. M., &amp; Strayer, D. L. (2010). Supertaskers: Profiles in extraordinary multitasking ability. <cite>Psychonomic Bulletin &amp; Review</cite>, <i>17</i>(4), 479–485.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000933F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010652">Watt, H. M. G. (2000). Measuring attitudinal change in mathematics and English over the 1st year of junior high school: A multi-dimensional analysis. <cite>Journal of Experimental Education</cite>, <i>68</i>, 331–361.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009341" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010653">Waytz, A., Young, L. L., &amp; Ginges, J. (2014). Motive attribution asymmetry for love vs. hate drives intractable conflict. <cite>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences</cite>, <i>111</i>(44), 15387.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009343" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010654">Weaver, F. M., Follett, K., Stern, M., Hur, K., Harris, C., Marks, W. J., Jr., . . . &amp; Huang, G. D. (2009). Bilateral deep brain stimulation vs. best medical therapy for patients with advanced Parkinson disease: A randomized controlled trial. <cite>Journal of the American Medical Association</cite>, <i>301</i>(1), 63–73.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009345" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010655">Webb, W. B. (1992). <cite>Sleep: The gentle tyrant</cite> (2nd ed.). Bolton, MA: Ander.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009347" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010656">Weber, F., Chung, S., Beier, K. T., Xu, M., Luo, L., &amp; Dan, Y. (2015). Control of REM sleep by ventral medulla GABAergic neurons. <cite>Nature</cite>, <i>526</i>(7573), 435–438. doi: 10.1038/nature14979</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009349" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010657">Wechsler, D. (1975). <cite>The collected papers of David Wechsler</cite>. New York: Academic Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000934B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010658">Wechsler, D. (2008). <em>Wechsler adult intelligence scale</em> (4th ed.). Bloomington, MN: Pearson. </p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000934D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010659">Wechsler, D. (2012). <em>Wechsler preschool and primary scale of intelligence</em> (4th ed.). Bloomington, MN: Pearson. </p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000934F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001065A">Wechsler, D. (2014). <em>Wechsler intelligence scale for children</em> (5th ed.). Bloomington, MN: Pearson. </p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009351" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001065B">Wedding, D. (2004). Cross-cultural counseling and psychotherapy. In R. J. Corsini &amp; D. Wedding (Eds.), <cite>Current psychotherapies</cite> (7th ed., p. 485). Itasca, IL: Peacock.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009353" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001065C">Weinberger, D. R. (1987). Implications of normal brain development for the pathogenesis of schizophrenia. <cite>Archives of General Psychiatry</cite>, <i>44</i>, 660–668.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009355" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001065D">Weiner, B. (1985). An attributional theory of achievement motivation. <cite>Psychological Review</cite>, <i>92</i>, 548–573.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009357" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001065E">Weiner, I. B. (1997). Current status of the Rorschach Inkblot Method. <cite>Journal of Personality Assessment</cite>, <i>68</i>, 5–19.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009359" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001065F">Weiner, I. B. (2013). Applying Rorschach assessment. In G. P. Koocher, J. C. Norcross &amp; B. A. Greene (Eds.), <cite>Psychologists’ desk reference</cite> (pp. 148–152). New York, NY: Oxford University Press.</p></li><li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000935B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p><span style="font-family: inherit; font-size: inherit; font-style: inherit; font-variant-ligatures: inherit; font-variant-caps: inherit; line-height: inherit; text-indent: -3em; background-color: transparent;">Weiner, R. D. (2000). Retrograde amnesia with electroconvulsive therapy: Characteristics and implications. </span><cite style="font-weight: normal; text-indent: -3em; background-color: transparent;">Archives of General Psychiatry</cite><span style="font-family: inherit; font-size: inherit; font-style: inherit; font-variant-ligatures: inherit; font-variant-caps: inherit; line-height: inherit; text-indent: -3em; background-color: transparent;">, </span><i style="font-weight: normal; text-indent: -3em; background-color: transparent;">57</i><span style="font-family: inherit; font-size: inherit; font-style: inherit; font-variant-ligatures: inherit; font-variant-caps: inherit; line-height: inherit; text-indent: -3em; background-color: transparent;">, 591–592.</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000935D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010661">Weis, S., Klaver, P., Reul, J., Elger, C. E., &amp; Fernandez, G. (2004). Temporal and cerebellar brain regions that support both declarative memory formation and retrieval. <cite>Cerebral Cortex</cite>, <i>14</i>, 256–267.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000935F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010662">Weisman, A. (1972). <cite>On dying and denying</cite>. New York: Behavioral Publications.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009361" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010663">Weiss, J. M. (1972). Psychological factors in stress and disease. <cite>Scientific American</cite>, <i>26</i>, 104–113.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009363" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010664">Weisse, C. S. (1992). Depression and immunocompetence: A review of the literature. <cite>Psychological Bulletin</cite>, <i>111</i>, 475–489.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009365" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010665">Weissman, M. M., &amp; Klerman, G. L. (1977). Sex differences and the epidemiology of depression. <cite>Archives of General Psychiatry</cite>, <i>34</i>, 98–111.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009367" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010666">Wellings, K., Nanchahal, K., Macdowall, W., McManus, S., Erens, B., Mercer, C. H., . . . &amp; Field, J. (2001). Sexual behaviour in Britain: Early heterosexual experience. <cite>Lancet</cite>, <i>358</i>(9296), 1843–1850.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009369" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010667">Welch, E., Ghaderi, A., &amp; Swenne, I. (2015). A comparison of clinical characteristics between adolescent males and females with eating disorders. <cite>BMC Psychiatry</cite>, <i>15</i>, 45. doi: 10.1186/s12888–015-0419–8</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000936B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010668">Wenneberg, S. R., Schneider, R. H., Walton, K. G., Maclean, C. R., Levitsky, D. K., Mandarino, J. V., Waziri, R., &amp; Wallace, R. K. (1997). Anger expression correlates with platelet aggregation. <cite>Behavioral Medicine</cite>, <i>22</i>(4), 174–177.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000936D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010669">Werker, J. F., &amp; Lalonde, C. E. (1988). Cross-language speech perceptions: Initial capabilities and developmental change. <cite>Developmental Psychology</cite>, <i>24</i>, 672–683.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000936F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001066A">Wertheimer, M. (1982). <cite>Productive thinking</cite>. Chicago: University of Chicago Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009371" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001066B">Westen, D. (2005). Cognitive neuroscience and psychotherapy: Implications for psychotherapy’s second century. In G. Gabbard, J. Beck, &amp; J. Holmes (Eds.), <cite>Oxford textbook of psychotherapy</cite>. Oxford, UK: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009373" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001066C">Wetherell, J. L. (2002). Behavior therapy for anxious older adults. <cite>Behavior Therapist</cite>, <i>25</i>, 16–17.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009375" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001066D">Wever, E. G. (1949). <cite>Theory of hearing</cite>. New York: John Wiley &amp; Sons.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009377" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001066E">Wever, E. G., &amp; Bray, C. W. (1930). The nature of acoustic response: The relation between sound frequency and frequency of impulses in the auditory nerve. <cite>Journal of Experimental Psychology</cite>, <i>13</i>(5), 373–387.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009379" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001066F">Weyant, J. M. (1996). Application of compliance techniques to direct-mail requests for charitable donations. <cite>Psychology and Marketing</cite>, <i>13</i>, 157–170.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000937B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010670">White, G. L. (1980). Physical attractiveness and courtship progress. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>39</i>, 660–668.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000937D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010671">White, J. N., Hutchens, T., &amp; Lubar, J. (2005). Quantitative EEG assessment during neuropsychological task performance in adults with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. <cite>Journal of Adult Development</cite>, <i>12</i>(2), 113–121.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000937F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010672">White, S. (2000). <cite>The transgender debate (the crisis surrounding gender identity)</cite>. Reading, UK: Garnet.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009381" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010673">Whiting, D. M., Tomycz, N. D., Bailes, J., de Jonge, L., Lecoultre, V., Wilent, B., . . . Oh, M. Y. (2013). Lateral hypothalamic area deep brain stimulation for refractory obesity: A pilot study with preliminary data on safety, body weight, and energy metabolism. <cite>Journal of Neurosurgery</cite>, <i>119</i>(1), 56–63. doi: 10.3171/2013.2.jns12903</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009383" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010674">Whorf, B. L. (1956). <cite>Language, thought and reality</cite>. New York: Wiley.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009385" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010675">Wicker, A. W. (1971). An examination of the “other variables” explanation of attitude–behavior inconsistency. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>19</i>, 18–30.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009387" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010676">Wierenga, C. E., Stricker, N. H., McCauley, A., Simmons, A., Jak, A. J., Chang, Y. L., . . . &amp; Bondi, M. W. (2010). Increased functional brain response during word retrieval in cognitively intact older adults at genetic risk for Alzheimer’s disease. <cite>Neuroimage</cite>, <i>15</i>, 15.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009389" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010677">Wiesemann, C., Ude-Koeller, S., Sinnecker, G. H., &amp; Thyen, U. (2010). Ethical principles and recommendations for the medical management of differences of sex development (DSD)/intersex in children and adolescents. <cite>Euopean Journal of Pediatrics</cite>, <i>169</i>, 671–679.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000938B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010678">Wiggert, N., Wilhelm, F. H., Derntl, B., &amp; Blechert, J. (2015). Gender differences in experiential and facial reactivity to approval and disapproval during emotional social interactions. <cite>Frontiers in Psychology</cite>, <i>6</i>, 1372.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000938D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010679">Wiley, J., &amp; Jarosz, A. F. (2012). Working memory capacity, attentional focus, and problem solving. <cite>Current Directions in Psychological Science</cite>, <i>21</i>(4), 258.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000938F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001067A">Wilhelm, I., Kurth, S., Ringli, M., Mouthon, A. L., Buchmann, A., Geiger, A., . . . Huber, R. (2014). Sleep slow-wave activity reveals developmental changes in experience-dependent plasticity. <cite>Journal of Neuroscience</cite>, <i>34</i>(37), 12568–12575. doi: 10.1523/JNEUROSCI.0962–14.2014</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009391" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001067B">Wilhelm, I., Rose, M., Imhof, K. I., Rasch, B., Buechel, C., &amp; Born, J. (2013). The sleeping child outplays the adult’s capacity to convert implicit into explicit knowledge. <cite>Nature Neuroscience</cite>. doi: 10.1038/nn.3343</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009393" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001067C">Wilkinson, D., Schaefer, G. O., Tremellen, K., &amp; Savulescu, J. (2015). Double trouble: Should double embryo transfer be banned? <cite>Theoretical Medicine and Bioethics</cite>, <i>36</i>, 121–139.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009395" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001067D">Williams, J. A., Pascual-Leone, A., &amp; Fregni, F. (2010). Interhemispheric modulation induced by cortical stimulation and motor training. <cite>Physical Therapy</cite>, <i>90</i>(3), 398–410.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009397" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001067E">Williams, J. F., &amp; Smith, V. C. (2015). Fetal alcohol spectrum disorders. <cite>Pediatrics</cite>, <i>136</i>(5), e1395–e1406.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009399" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001067F">Williams, M. A., &amp; Sachdev, P. S. (2010). Magnetoencephalography in neuropsychiatry: Ready for application? <cite>Current Opinion in Psychiatry</cite>, <i>4</i>, 4.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000939B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010680">Williams, M. E. (1995). <cite>The American Geriatrics Society’s complete guide to aging and mental health</cite>. New York: Random House.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000939D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010681">Williams, R. B. (1999). A 69-year-old man with anger and angina. <cite>Journal of the American Medical Association</cite>, <i>282</i>, 763–770.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000939F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010682">Williams, R. B. (2001). Hostility: Effects on health and the potential for successful behavioral approaches to prevention and treatment. In A. Baum, T. A. Revenson, &amp; J. E. Singer (Eds.), <cite style="font-style: normal;"><em>Handbook of Health Psychology</em>, 661–668</cite>. Mahwah, NJ: Erlbaum.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093A1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010683">Williams, R. B., Haney, T. L., Lee, K. L., Kong, Y. H., Blumenthal, J. A., &amp; Whalen, R. E. (1980). Type A behavior, hostility, and coronary atherosclerosis. <cite>Psychosomatic Medicine</cite>, <i>42</i>(6), 539–549.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093A3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010684">Willoughby, T., Good, M., Adachi, P. J. C., Hamza, C., &amp; Tavernier, R. (2013). Examining the link between adolescent brain development and risk taking from a social-developmental perspective. <cite>Brain and Cognition</cite>, <i>83</i>, 315–323.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093A5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010685">Wimber, M., Alink, A., Charest, I., Kriegeskorte, N., &amp; Anderson, M. C. (2015). Retrieval induces adaptive forgetting of competing memories via cortical pattern suppression. <cite>Nature Neuroscience</cite>, <i>18</i>, 582–589.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093A7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010686">Winningham, R. G., Hyman, I. E., Jr., &amp; Dinnel, D. L. (2000). Flashbulb memories? The effects of when the initial memory report was obtained. <cite>Memory</cite>, <i>8</i>, 209–216.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093A9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010687">Winslow, J. T., Hastings, N., Carter, C. S., Harbaugh, C. R., &amp; Insel, T. R. (1993). A role for central vasopressin in pair bonding in monogamous prairie voles. <cite>Nature</cite>, <i>365</i>(6446), 545–548. doi: 10.1038/365545a0</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093AB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010688">Winton, W. M. (1987). Do introductory textbooks present the Yerkes-Dodson law correctly? <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>42</i>(2), 202–203.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093AD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010689">Wiseman, R. (2007). <cite>Quirkology: How we discover the big truths in small things</cite> (pp. 7–8, 28–29). New York: Basic Books.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093AF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001068A">Wisniewski, A. B., Migeon, C. J., Meyer-Bahlburg, H. F. L., Gearhart, J. P., Berkovitz, G. D., Brown, T. R., &amp; Money, J. (2000). Complete androgen insensitivity syndrome: Long-term medical, surgical and psychosexual outcome. <cite>The Journal of Clinical Endocrinology and Metabolism</cite>, <i>85</i>, 2664–2669.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093B1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001068B">Witelson, S. F. (1991). Neural sexual mosaicism: Sexual differentiation of the human temporo-pariatal region for functional asymmetry. <cite>Psychoneuroendocrinology</cite>, <i>16</i>, 131–153.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093B3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001068C">Witt, W. P., Litzelman, K., Cheng, E. R., Wakeel, F., &amp; Barker, E. S. (2014). Measuring stress before and during pregnancy: A review of population-based studies of obstetric outcomes. <cite>Maternal and Child Health Journal</cite>, <i>18</i>, 52–63.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093B5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001068D">Wohn, D. Y. (2011). Gender and race representation in casual games. <cite>Sex Roles</cite>, <i>65</i>, 198–207.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093B7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001068E">Wolberg, L. R. (1977). <cite>The technique of psychotherapy</cite>. New York: Grune &amp; Stratton.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093B9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001068F">Wolfe-Christensen, C., Fedele, D. A., Kirk, K., Philips, T. M., Mazur, T., Mullins, L. L., . . . &amp;  Wisniewski, A. B. (2012). Degree of external genital malformation at birth in children with a disorder of sex development and subsequent caregiver distress. <cite>Journal of Urology</cite>, <i>188</i>, 1596–1600.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093BB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010690">Wood, J. M., Lilienfeld, S. O., Nezworski, M. T., Garb, H. N., Allen, K. H., &amp; Wildermuth, J. L. (2010). Validity of Rorschach inkblot scores for discriminating psychopaths from non-psychopaths in forensic populations: A meta-analysis. <cite>Psychological Assessment</cite>, <i>22</i>(2), 336–349. doi: 10.1037/a0018998</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093BD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010691">Wood, J. M., Nezworski, M. T., &amp; Stejskal, W. J. (1996). The comprehensive system for the Rorschach: A critical examination. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>7</i>(1), 3–10, 14–17.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093BF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010692">Woodhouse, A. (2005). Phantom limb sensation. <cite>Clinical and Experimental Pharmacology and Physiology</cite>, <i>32</i>(1–2), 132–134.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093C1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010693">World Health Organization. (2010). Guidelines on HIV and infant feeding 2010: Principles and recommendations for infant feeding in the context of HIV and a summary of evidence. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.who.int/maternal_child_adolescent/documents/9789241599535/en/</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093C3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010694">World Health Organization. (2012). HIV/AIDS. Retrieved from <span class="url-obsolete">http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs360/en/</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093C5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010695">Wu, C-C., Lee, G. C., &amp; Lai, H-K. (2004). Using concept maps to aid analysis of concept presentation in high school computer textbooks. <cite>Journal of Education and Information Technologies</cite>, <i>9</i>(2), 10.1023/B:EAIT.0000027930.09631.a5</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093C7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010696">Wyman, P. A., Moynihan, J., Eberly, S., Cox, C., Cross, W., Jin, X., &amp; Caserta, M. T. (2007). Association of family stress with natural killer cell activity and the frequency of illnesses in children. <cite>Archives of Pediatric and Adolescent Medicine</cite>, <i>161</i>, 228–234.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093C9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010697">Wynne, C. (1999). Do animals think? The case against the animal mind. <cite>Psychology Today</cite>, <i>32</i>(6), 50–53.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093CB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010698">Xie, L., Kang, H., Xu, Q., Chen, M. J., Liao, Y., Thiyagarajan, M., . . . &amp; Nedergaard, M. (2013). Sleep drives metabolite clearance from the adult brain. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>342</i>(6156), 373–377.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093CD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P7001012078000000000000000010699">Yaffe, K., Vittinghoff, E., Lindquist, K., Barnes, D., Covinsky K. E., Neylan, T., . . . &amp; Marmar, C. (2010). Posttraumatic stress disorder and risk of dementia among U.S. veterans. <cite>Archives of General Psychiatry</cite>, <i>67</i>(6), 608–613.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093CF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001069A">Yalom, I. (1995). <cite>The theory and practice of group psychotherapy</cite> (4th ed.). New York: Basic Books.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093D1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001069B">Yamaguchi, S., Isejima, H., Matsuo, T., Okura, R., Yagita, K., Kobayashi, M., &amp; Okamura, H. (2003). Synchronization of cellular clocks in the suprachiasmatic nucleus. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>302</i>, 1408–1412.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093D3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001069C">Yamamuro, K., Kimoto, S., Rosen, K. M., Kishimoto, T., &amp; Makinodan, M. (2015). Potential primary roles of glial cells in the mechanisms of psychiatric disorders. <cite>Frontiers in Cellular Neuroscience</cite>, <i>9</i>, 154. doi: 10.3389/fncel.2015.00154</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093D5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001069D">Yang, Y., Raine, A., &amp; Colletti, P. (2010). Morphological alterations in the prefrontal cortex and the amygdala in unsuccessful psychopaths. <cite>Journal of Abnormal Psychology</cite>, <i>119</i>, 546–554.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093D7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001069E">Yarkoni, T. (2015). Neurobiological substrates of personality: A critical overview. In M. Mikulincer &amp; P. R. Shaver (Eds.), APA handbook of personality and social psychology: Vol. 4. Personality processes and individual differences (pp. 61–83). Washington, DC: American Psychological Association.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093D9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P700101207800000000000000001069F">Yavuz, E., Maul, P., &amp; Nowotny, T. (2015). Spiking neural network model of reinforcement learning in the honeybee implemented on the GPU. <cite>BMC Neuroscience</cite>, <i>16</i>(1), 181.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093DB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106A0">Yeager, D. S., Johnson, R., Spitzer, B. J., Trzesniewski, K., Powers, J., &amp; Dweck, C. S. (2014). The far-reaching effects of believing people can change: Implicit theories of personality shape stress, health, and achievement during adolescence. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</cite>, <i>106</i>, 867–884.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093DD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106A1">Yerkes, R. M. (Ed.). (1921). Psychological examining in the United States Army. <cite>Memoirs of the National Academy of Sciences</cite>, <i>15</i>, 1–890.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093DF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106A2">Yerkes, R. M., &amp; Dodson, J. D. (1908). The relation of strength of stimulus to rapidity of habit formation. <cite>Journal of Comparative Neurology and Psychology</cite>, <i>18</i>, 459–482.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093E1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106A3">Ying, Y. W. (1990). Explanatory models of major depression and implications for help-seeking among immigrant Chinese-American women. <cite>Culture, Medicine, and Psychiatry</cite>, <i>14</i>, 393–408.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093E3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106A4">Yip, Y. L. (2002, Autumn). Pivot–Qi. <cite>The Journal of Traditional Eastern Health and Fitness</cite>, <i>12</i>(3).</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093E5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106A5">Yopyk, D., &amp; Prentice, D. A. (2005). Am I an athlete or a student? Identify salience and stereotype threat in student-athletes. <cite>Basic and Applied Social Psychology</cite>, <i>27</i>(4), 29–336.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093E7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106A6">Young, J. E., Rygh, J. L., Weinberger, A. D., &amp; Beck, A. T. (2008). Cognitive therapy for depression. In D. H. Barlow (Ed.), <cite>Clinical handbook of psychological disorders</cite> (pp. 250–305). New York: Guilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093E9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106A7">Young, S. N. (Ed.). (1996). Melatonin, sleep, aging, and the health protection branch. <cite>Journal of Psychiatry Neuroscience</cite>, <i>21</i>(3), 161–164.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093EB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106A8">Yule, G. (1996). <cite>Pragmatics</cite>. Oxford: Oxford University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093ED" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106A9">Zadra, A., Desautels, A., Petit, D., &amp; Montplaisir, J. (2013). Somnambulism: Clinical aspects and pathophysiological hypotheses. <cite>The Lancet Neurology</cite>, <i>12</i>(3): 285.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093EF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106AA">Zadra, A., Pilon, M., &amp; Montplaisir, J. (2008). Polysomnographic diagnosis of sleepwalking: Effects of sleep deprivation. <cite>Annals of Neurology</cite>, <i>63</i>(4): 513–519.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093F1" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106AB">Zajonc, R. B. (1965). Social facilitation. <cite>Science</cite>, <i>149</i>, 269–274.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093F3" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106AC">Zajonc, R. B. (1968). Attitudinal effects of mere exposure. <cite>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology Monographs</cite>, <i>9</i>(2), 1–27.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093F5" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106AD">Zajonc, R. B. (1980). Feeling and thinking: Preferences need no inferences. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>35</i>, 151–175.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093F7" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106AE">Zajonc, R. B. (1984). On the primacy of affect. <cite>American Psychologist</cite>, <i>39</i>, 117–123.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093F9" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106AF">Zajonc, R. B. (1998). Emotions. In D. T. Gilbert &amp; S. T. Fiske (Eds.), <cite>Handbook of social psychology</cite> (4th ed., Vol. 1, pp. 591–632). New York: McGraw-Hill.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093FB" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106B0">Zajonc, R. B., Heingartner, A., &amp; Herman, E. M. (1970). Social enhancement and impairment of performance in the cockroach. <cite>Journal of Social Psychology</cite>, <i>13</i>(2), 83–92.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093FD" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106B1">Zarate, C. A., Jr., Brutsche, N. E., Ibrahim, L., Franco-Chaves, J., DiazGranados, N., Cravchik, A., … Luckenbaugh, D. A. (2012). Replication of ketamine’s antidepressant efficacy in bipolar depression: A randomized controlled add-on trial. <cite>Biological Psychiatry</cite>, <i>71</i>(11), 939–946. doi: 10.1016/j.biopsych.2011.12.010</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P70010120780000000000000000093FF" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106B2">Zarate, C. A., Jr., Singh, J. B., Carlson, P. J., Brutsche, N. E., Ameli, R., Luckenbaugh, D. A., … Manji, H. K. (2006). A randomized trial of an N-methyl-D-aspartate antagonist in treatment-resistant major depression. <cite>Archives of General Psychiatry</cite>, <i>63</i>(8), 856–864. doi: 10.1001/archpsyc.63.8.856</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009401" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106B3">Zedler, B. (1995). “Mary Whiton Calkins.” In M. E. Waithe (Ed.), <cite>A history of women philosophers: Vol. 4</cite> (pp. 103–123). Netherlands: Kluwer Academic Publishers.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009403" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106B4">Zeidner, M., &amp; Matthews, G. (2005). Evaluative anxiety. In A. Elliott &amp; C. Dweck (Eds.), <cite>Handbook of competence and motivation</cite> (pp. 141–146). New York: Guilford Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009405" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106B5">Zeki, S. (2001). Localization and globalization in conscious vision. <cite>Annual Review of Neuroscience</cite>, <i>24</i>, 57–86.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009407" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106B6">Zentall, T. R. (2000). Animal intelligence. In R. J. Sternberg (Ed.), <cite>Handbook of intelligence</cite>. Cambridge, MA: Cambridge University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009409" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106B7">Zentner, M., &amp; Mitura, K. (2012). Stepping out of the caveman’s shadow: Nations’ gender gap predicts degree of sex differentiation in mate preferences. <cite>Psychological Science</cite>, <i>23</i>(10), 1176–1185. doi: 10.1177/0956797612441004</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000940B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106B8">Zhan, Y., Paolicelli, R. C., Sforazzini, F., Weinhard, L., Bolasco, G., Pagani, F., . . . &amp; Gross, C. T. (2014). Deficient neuron-microglia signaling results in impaired functional brain connectivity and social behavior. <cite>Nature Neuroscience</cite>, <i>17</i>, 400–406. doi: 10.1038/nn.3641</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000940D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106B9">Zhang, A., Ferretti, V., Güntan, I., Moro, A., Steinberg, E. A., Ye, Z., . . . &amp; Franks, N. P. (2015). Neuronal ensembles sufficient for recovery sleep and the sedative actions of α2 adrenergic agonists. <cite>Nature Neuroscience</cite>, <i>18</i>, 553–561. doi: 10.1038/nn.3957</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000940F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106BA">Zhao, Y., Montoro, R., Igartua, K., &amp; Thombs, B. D. (2010). Suicidal ideation and attempt among adolescents reporting “unsure” sexual identity or heterosexual identity plus same-sex attraction or behavior: Forgotten groups? <cite>Journal of the American Academy of Child &amp; Adolescent Psychiatry</cite>, <i>49</i>(2), 104–113.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009411" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106BB">Zhou, J. N., Hofman, M. A., Gooren, L. J. G., &amp; Swaab, D. F. (1995). A sex difference in the human brain and its relation to transsexuality. <cite>Nature</cite>, <i>378</i>, 68–70.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009413" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106BC">Zilles, K. (1990). Cortex. In G. Paxinos (Ed.), <cite>The human nervous system</cite> (pp. 757–802). San Diego, CA: Academic.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009415" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106BD">Zilles, K., &amp; Amunts, K. (2012). Architecture of the cerebral cortex. In J. K. Mai &amp; G. Paxinos (Eds.), <cite>The human nervous system</cite> (pp. 836–895). London, UK: Academic Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009417" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106BE">Zillmann, D., Baron, R., &amp; Tamborini, R. (1981). Social costs of smoking: Effects of tobacco smoke on hostile behavior. <cite>Psychology Journal of Applied Social</cite>, <i>11</i>, 548–561.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009419" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106BF">Zimbardo, P. G. (1970). The human choice: Individuation, reason, and order versus deindividuation, impulse, and chaos. In N. J. Arnold &amp; D. Levine (Eds.), <cite>Nebraska Symposium on Motivation, 1969</cite>. Lincoln: University of Nebraska Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000941B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106C0">Zimbardo, P. G. (1971). The pathology of imprisonment. <cite>Society</cite>, <i>9</i>(4–8), 4.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000941D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106C1">Zimbardo, P. G., &amp; Hartley, C. F. (1985). Cults go to high school: A theoretical and empirical analysis of the initial stage in the recruitment process. <cite>Cultic Studies Journal</cite>, <i>2</i>, 91–148.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000941F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106C2">Zimbardo, P., Maslach, C., &amp; Haney, C. (2000). Reflections on the Stanford Prison Experiment: Genesis, transformations, consequences. In T. Blass (Ed.), <cite>Obedience to authority: Current perspectives on the Milgram paradigm</cite> (pp. 193–237). London: Lawrence Erlbaum.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009421" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106C3">Zisapel, N. (2001). Circadian rhythm sleep disorders: Pathophysiology and potential approaches to management. <cite>CNS Drugs</cite>, <i>15</i>(4), 311–328.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009423" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106C4">Zlatin, D. M. (1995). Life themes: A method to understand terminal illness. <cite>Omega: Journal of Death and Dying</cite>, <i>31</i>(3), 189–206. doi: 10.2190/E4BA-ML04-E2BK-7YJE</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009425" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106C5">Zolotor, A. J., &amp; Puzia, M. E. (2010). Bans against corporal punishment: A systematic review of the laws, changes in attitudes and behaviours. <cite>Child Abuse Review</cite>, <i>19</i>(4), 229–247.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009427" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106C6">Zolotor, A. J., Theodore, A. D., Chang, J. J., &amp; Laskey, A. L. (2011). Corporal punishment and physical abuse: Population-based trends for three- to 11-year-old children in the United States. <cite>Child Abuse Review</cite>, <i>20</i>(1), 57–66.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009429" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106C7">Zorilla, E. P., Luborsky, L., McKay, J. R., Rosenthal, R., Houldin, A., Tax, A., . . . &amp; Schmidt, K. (2001). The relationship of depression and stressors to immunological assays: A meta-analytic review. <cite>Brain, Behavior, and Immunity</cite>, <i>15</i>, 199–226.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000942B" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106C8">Zosuls, K. M., Miller, C. F., Ruble, D. N., Martin, C. L., &amp; Fabes, R. A. (2011). Gender development research in Sex Roles: Historical trends and future directions. <cite>Sex Roles</cite>, <i>64</i>(11–12), 826–842. <span class="url-obsolete">http://doi.org/10.1007/s11199–010-9902–3</span></p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000942D" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106C9">Zucchi, F. C. R., Kirkland, S. W., Jadavji, N. M., van Waes, L. T., Klein, A., Supina, R. D., &amp; Metz, G. A. (2009). Predictable stress versus unpredictable stress: A comparison in a rodent model of stroke. <cite>Behavioural Brain Research</cite>, <i>205</i>(1), 67–75.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P700101207800000000000000000942F" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106CA">Zuckerman, M. (1979). <cite>Sensation seeking: Beyond the optimal level of arousal</cite>. Hillsdale, NJ: Lawrence Erlbaum.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009431" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106CB">Zuckerman, M. (1994). <cite>Behavioral expression and biosocial bases of sensation seeking</cite>. New York: Cambridge University Press.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009433" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106CC">Zuckerman, M. (2002). Zuckerman-Kuhlman Personality Questionnaire (ZKPQ): An alternative five-factorial model. In B. De Raad &amp; M. Perugini (Eds.), <cite>Big Five assessment</cite> (pp. 377–396). Seattle, WA: Hogrefe &amp; Huber.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009435" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106CD">Zuo, L., &amp; Cramond, B. (2001). An examination of Terman’s gifted children from the theory of identity. <cite>Gifted Child Quarterly</cite>, <i>45</i>(4), 251–259.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009437" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106CE">Zuvekas, S. H., &amp; Vitiello, B. (2012). Stimulant medication use in children: A 12-year perspective. <cite>American Journal of Psychiatry</cite>, <i>193</i>:160–166.</p></li>
<li class="biblioentry" id="P7001012078000000000000000009439" epub:type="biblioentry"><p id="P70010120780000000000000000106CF">Zvolensky, M. J., Schmidt, M. B., &amp; Stewart, S. H. (2003). Panic disorder and smoking. <cite>Clinical Psychology: Science and Practice</cite>, <i>10</i>, 29–51.</p></li>
</ol>
</section>
<script type="text/javascript" src="../javascript/epub.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://code.jquery.com/jquery-1.11.0.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="../javascript/load_player.js"></script>
</body></html>